UNDERGRADUATE COURSES Search programmes, majors, interests or specialisations Select any filter and click on Apply to see results or VIEW ALL DISCIPLINES Signature Programmes: 1 Browse by Discipline, Faculty and School or Type Discipline Select Discipline(s) Accounting and Finance Applied Sciences Architecture Arts & Humanities Big data Business Administration Communication & Language Computer Science Digital and Technologies Education Engineering Health and Wellness Law Media and Innovation Natural Sciences Real Estate and Construction Social Sciences Faculty and School Select Faculty(s) Faculty of Architecture Faculty of Arts HKU Business School Faculty of Dentistry Faculty of Education Faculty of Engineering Faculty of Law Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Science Faculty of Social Sciences School of Biomedical Engineering School of Computing and Data Science School of Future Media School of Innovation Type Select Type(s) Single Degree Programme Double Degree Programme Dual Degrees and Joint Admissions Interdisciplinary RESET FILTER EXPLORE MORE Faculty of Architecture Bachelor of Arts in Architectural Studies CODE 6004 FACULTY Faculty of Architecture STUDY PERIOD 4-year TYPE Single Degree Programme The BA(AS) programme is your first step towards becoming a professional architect. The undergraduate programme offers a well-rounded curriculum with exclusive training opportunities and international exchange placements and leads to exciting employment opportunities around the world. EXPLORE MORE Faculty of Architecture Bachelor of Science in Surveying CODE 6016 FACULTY Faculty of Architecture STUDY PERIOD 4-year TYPE Single Degree Programme HKU BSc(Surveying) is the first and only fully integrated undergraduate surveying programme in the world that encompass all six surveying disciplines. Its curriculum spans the entire spectrum of the land management, real estate and construction industries. Adopting a multidisciplinary approach, the programme engages students in real-life case studies and project-based learning through hands-on sessions in surveying studios. EXPLORE MORE Faculty of Architecture Bachelor of Arts in Landscape Studies CODE 6028 FACULTY Faculty of Architecture STUDY PERIOD 4-year TYPE Single Degree Programme The Bachelor of Arts in Landscape Studies [BA(LS)] is an internationally recognised undergraduate degree offered by the Division of Landscape Architecture. Our programme delivers a broadly comprehensive education in the landscape architecture discipline. We teach the knowledge, concepts and skills required to respond creatively, professionally and ethically to the urgent social and environmental challenges faced by our cities and regions today. EXPLORE MORE Faculty of Architecture Bachelor of Arts in Urban Studies CODE 6042 FACULTY Faculty of Architecture STUDY PERIOD 4-year TYPE Single Degree Programme The BA(US) programme engages a multidisciplinary approach to open your mind to new ideas in response to urban development challenges. Hands-on projects will take you around the world to witness contemporary urban issues and interventions through problem-based learning. Upon graduation, you may pursue a professional career or continue your studies locally or abroad. EXPLORE MORE Faculty of Arts Bachelor of Arts (Major in Art History) CODE 6054 FACULTY Faculty of Arts STUDY PERIOD 4-year TYPE Single Degree Programme The BA programme offers a liberal and flexible curriculum that begins with a year of exploration to introduce students to a broad spectrum of Arts courses. Students can customize their own combination of disciplines to develop their own study plan that inspires themselves. This degree provides an excellent foundation for pursuing a diverse and thrilling career choices or postgraduate studies. EXPLORE MORE Faculty of Arts Bachelor of Arts (Major in Chinese History and Culture) CODE 6054 FACULTY Faculty of Arts STUDY PERIOD 4-year TYPE Single Degree Programme The BA programme offers a liberal and flexible curriculum that begins with a year of exploration to introduce students to a broad spectrum of Arts courses. Students can customize their own combination of disciplines to develop their own study plan that inspires themselves. This degree provides an excellent foundation for pursuing a diverse and thrilling career choices or postgraduate studies. EXPLORE MORE Faculty of Arts Bachelor of Arts (Major in Chinese Language and Literature) CODE 6054 FACULTY Faculty of Arts STUDY PERIOD 4-year TYPE Single Degree Programme The BA programme offers a liberal and flexible curriculum that begins with a year of exploration to introduce students to a broad spectrum of Arts courses. Students can customize their own combination of disciplines to develop their own study plan that inspires themselves. This degree provides an excellent foundation for pursuing a diverse and thrilling career choices or postgraduate studies. EXPLORE MORE Faculty of Arts Bachelor of Arts (Major in Comparative Literature) CODE 6054 FACULTY Faculty of Arts STUDY PERIOD 4-year TYPE Single Degree Programme The BA programme offers a liberal and flexible curriculum that begins with a year of exploration to introduce students to a broad spectrum of Arts courses. Students can customize their own combination of disciplines to develop their own study plan that inspires themselves. This degree provides an excellent foundation for pursuing a diverse and thrilling career choices or postgraduate studies. EXPLORE MORE Faculty of Arts Bachelor of Arts (Major in English Studies) CODE 6054 FACULTY Faculty of Arts STUDY PERIOD 4-year TYPE Single Degree Programme The BA programme offers a liberal and flexible curriculum that begins with a year of exploration to introduce students to a broad spectrum of Arts courses. Students can customize their own combination of disciplines to develop their own study plan that inspires themselves. This degree provides an excellent foundation for pursuing a diverse and thrilling career choices or postgraduate studies. EXPLORE MORE Faculty of Arts Bachelor of Arts (Major in Gender Studies) CODE 6054 FACULTY Faculty of Arts STUDY PERIOD 4-year TYPE Single Degree Programme The BA programme offers a liberal and flexible curriculum that begins with a year of exploration to introduce students to a broad spectrum of Arts courses. Students can customize their own combination of disciplines to develop their own study plan that inspires themselves. This degree provides an excellent foundation for pursuing a diverse and thrilling career choices or postgraduate studies.