Bachelor of Business Administration 6755 STUDY PERIOD 4-year ABBREVIATION BBA NO. OF FIRST YEAR PLACES 226* FACULTY HKU Business School Paragraphs *Combined figure for programmes JS6767 & JS6781 & JS6755 Programme Introduction Programme Introduction Learn business in a global financial centre The BBA programme combines functional training with communication skills, computer analytics, and other sciences or social sciences subjects. Dual degree options Spend two years of your studies at Sciences Po in France or UBC in Canada. Live and learn in Hong Kong Study in a global business hub and see international market forces at work. What You’ll Study As a BBA student, you can choose a major in one of five areas, including entrepreneurship, design, and innovation*; finance; human resources management; information systems and analytics; or marketing. You are also eligible to declare a second major or combination of minors provided you meet the requirements. (*Note: Candidates must undergo a selection process arranged by the Programme Coordinator for declaring the EDI major.) The School offers two BBA dual degree programmes in collaboration with leading universities – Sciences Po in France and the University of British Columbia (UBC) in Canada. Spend two years in Le Havre, Menton, or Reims followed by two years in Hong Kong to earn a BBA degree from HKU and a Bachelor of Arts (BA) from Sciences Po. Alternatively, spend your first and final years in Hong Kong and your second and third years in Vancouver to earn a BBA from HKU and a Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) from UBC. Exciting Opportunities Participate in tailor-made professional preparation programmes and exclusive internship opportunities with renowned accounting firms and financial institutions. Professional Recognition Students of the BBA programme are eligible to enrol in the CGMA® Finance Leadership Program and kickstart their journey to become a member of Chartered Institute of Management Accountants and a Chartered Global Management Accountant while they are studying in the University. Career Prospects The BBA programme is designed for students who aim to pursue a career in banking, financial investment, information technology and management, advertising, marketing, human resource management, etc. If you’re considering this programme, please review our programme-specific application standards and deadlines to give yourself the best possible chance of securing a place. APPLY NOW Explore More For Further Information HKU Business School: 3917 5343 fbe.ugenquiry@hku.hk https://ug.hkubs.hku.hk/ More Programmes More Programmes HKU Business School Bachelor of Economics/ Bachelor of Economics and Finance BEcon/BEcon&Fin HKU Business School Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Finance / Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting Data Analytics BBA(Acc&Fin)/BBA(ADA) HKU Business School Bachelor of Business Administration (Business Analytics) BBA(BA) HKU Business School, Faculty of Law Bachelor of Business Administration (Law) and Bachelor of Laws BBA(Law)&LLB HKU Business School Bachelor of Finance in Asset Management and Private Banking BFin(AMPB)