INTERNATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS International/Non-JUPAS Admissions Scheme International/Non-JUPAS Admissions Scheme We are delighted to invite you to apply to study at the University of Hong Kong. Our excellent academic standards, diverse campus, and extensive global programmes are just some of the many reasons why HKU is the leading university for outstanding students in Hong Kong and a favourite destination for bright minds from around the world. Here, you’ll find everything you need to apply via our international or non-JUPAS admissions scheme. This section is for: Non-local students with an international qualification or other national examination qualifications other than Mainland China’s National Joint College Entrance Examination (NJCEE) or GaoKao. Local students with an international qualification or pending international qualification other than the HKDSE. HKU Statement The University of Hong Kong (HKU) is aware of recent social media posts claiming that it is possible to apply to HKU through an agent, with promises of low entrance requirements and direct admission without standard grades, IELTS or TOEFL scores, undergraduate backgrounds, or other requirements. These claims are totally unfounded and the University reserves the right to pursue legal action against those responsible. HKU does not authorise any intermediary organisations to recruit or admit students in Mainland China, nor does it have a so-called "internal recommendation" mechanism for professors to recommend non-local students for admission. Non-local applicants interested in applying to HKU must directly submit their applications to the University, and only eligible applicants who meet the necessary requirements will be considered for admission. Admissions are competitive and on merit basis. If students are found to have falsified their academic credentials, HKU will take disciplinary action against them in accordance with University Statutes to revoke their student status. About Anti-bribery Legislation in Hong Kong: To understand the integrity culture of Hong Kong and the application of anti-corruption laws in school admission and other aspects of daily life, please visit the “Understanding Integrity in Seconds” webpage of the Independent Commission Against Corruption of Hong Kong. English Language Requirement Important Dates Interview Schedules Fees and Scholarships Information for Counsellors Apply Now Admissions Standards Admissions Standards Your current school is located in Hong Kong . Your current qualification is: None of the above? Show full qualification list Please type your interested programme: or show full programme list Admissions decisions to the University's undergraduate degree programmes are made based on academic performance as well as other factors, including interview performance, personal statement, references, other documents submitted to the University, etc. Satisfying the minimum requirements does not guarantee admissions. Important Dates View Details Hide Details 24 Sept 2025 Start your application 26 Nov (noon) 2025 Submit your application for first-round evaluation Applications received by noon (HKT) on this date will be evaluated and shortlisted for first-round evaluation. Students should ensure their predicted or actual results are inputted into the application system for evaluation. For details, please refer to the "Submitting Applications" section. Shortlisted students may be invited for interviews between November and January. * Different faculties and schools might have their own timelines for document submissions. For details, please refer to the faculty or programme websites. From 26 Nov 2025 Submit applications to be evaluated on a rolling basis Applications received after noon (HKT) on this date will be considered on a rolling basis. Interviews will be extended on a case-by-case basis. Students should ensure their predicted or actual results are inputted into the application system for evaluation. For details, please refer to the "Submitting Applications" section. * Different faculties and schools might have their own timelines for document submissions. For details, please refer to the faculty or programme websites. By 3 Dec 2025 Input predicted and/or actual grades and submit supporting documents for first-round evaluation (counsellors and referees) Please input any predicted and/or actual grades and submit any reference and supporting documents by this date for first-round evaluation. The counsellors portal will remain open after this date for submissions. Counsellors are advised to submit any predicted or preliminary results or references within one week of receiving an invitation. * Different faculties and schools might have their own timelines for document submissions. For details, please refer to the faculty or programme websites. From 8 Dec 2025 First-round results announced If you receive an offer of admission – congratulations! You will be required to indicate your acceptance within three to four weeks. You will be required to pay a non-refundable deposit. Please note Non-local students should allow at least four to six weeks for an assessment and eight to ten weeks for a visa application upon receiving an offer. Our advice is to apply for a visa as soon as you have received a firm or conditional offer. If you have not received an offer by 31 March 2026, you may assume your application has been waitlisted for evaluation during the next round. You may continue to submit any additional results in support of your application for evaluation. 21 Aug 2026 Applications close at noon (HKT) Interview Schedules Interview Schedules See Interview Schedules Submitting Applications Before you submit your application, you are encouraged to carefully review our application guide below. General Information Application Guide Application Video Tutorial FAQ To ensure the stability of the application system, please note that regular upgrade and maintenance will be performed every Wednesday at 10:00am (Hong Kong Time) with a down time between 10:00am to 1:00pm. Please avoid editing or submitting your application during the maintenance period. Applicants must input all their academic results, including both predicted and actual results, into the application system (instead of merely uploading the documents). The purpose of uploading the documents is solely for verification of the academic achievements of the applicant. If it is the counsellor who has access to the predicted/actual results only, the applicant must ensure that the counsellor has inputted them into the system. If the counsellor is unable to do so through the system, he/she shall contact the Admissions Office via email ( counsellors@hku.hk ). Failure to do so may result in application rejection. Please note that the information provided on the website is subject to change. Applicants are recommended to check this website as well as their applicant accounts regularly for any updates or changes to the application information. Apply Now Fees and Scholarships Fees and Scholarships Tuition and Living Expenses We aim to give deserving students from all over the world access to a top-quality education that opens doors globally, regardless of means or background. You (or your parents) only need to pay a fraction of the cost of education in Hong Kong, even though our educational standards are at an international level. Check Tuition Fee and Living Cost Scholarships HKU offers a broad range of merit-based scholarships that support outstanding undergraduate students with one-off payments and provide renewable financial assistance for tuition and living expenses. Find My Scholarships Guidance for Counsellors HKU has a dedicated portal for nominated counsellors to help them navigate the application process with step-by-step guides and frequently asked questions. You can invite a teacher or counsellor to oversee your application, confirm your academic results, upload supporting documents, and review other details about your application. More Information for Counsellors DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-PKU Future Leaders Dual Degree Programme Spend two years at HKU followed by two years at Peking University to obtain a Bachelor of Economics and Finance from HKU and a Bachelor of Management from PKU upon completion of this four-year programme. Explore More DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-Cambridge Undergraduate Recruitment Scheme Spend two years in Hong Kong followed by three years in Cambridge and earn a Bachelor of Engineering from HKU and both a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Engineering from the University of Cambridge upon successful completion of this five-year programme. Explore More DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-PKU Future Leaders Dual Degree Programme Spend two years at HKU followed by two years at Peking University to obtain a Bachelor of Economics and Finance from HKU and a Bachelor of Management from PKU upon completion of this four-year programme. Explore More DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-Cambridge Undergraduate Recruitment Scheme Spend two years in Hong Kong followed by three years in Cambridge and earn a Bachelor of Engineering from HKU and both a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Engineering from the University of Cambridge upon successful completion of this five-year programme. Explore More DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-PKU Future Leaders Dual Degree Programme Spend two years at HKU followed by two years at Peking University to obtain a Bachelor of Economics and Finance from HKU and a Bachelor of Management from PKU upon completion of this four-year programme. Explore More 1 2