Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Finance / Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting Data Analytics 6781 STUDY PERIOD 4-year ABBREVIATION BBA(Acc&Fin)/BBA(ADA) NO. OF FIRST YEAR PLACES 226* FACULTY HKU Business School Paragraphs *Combined figure for programmes JS6755, JS6767 & JS6781. Programme Introduction Programme Introduction Learn Business in a global financial centre Our Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Finance (BBA[Acc&Fin]) and Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting Data Analytics (BBA[ADA]) are offered under the same programme code. BBA(Acc&Fin) students will prepare for a professional qualification in accounting and a leadership role in finance with our broad-based programme. In addition to accounting training, BBA(ADA) students will be well prepared to take up leading roles in accounting analytics, digital economies and other technology-driven business domains and make an impact in their organizations and communities. Professional opportunities Gain direct entry to the HKICPA’s QP, or receive ACCA or CPA Australia exam exemptions. What You’ll Study Both BBA(Acc&Fin) and BBA(ADA) programmes will prepare you for a professional qualification in accounting. In addition to business and accounting courses which are common between the two programmes, BBA(Acc&Fin) students are required to minor in finance, with an option to double major, while BBA(ADA) students are required to take data analytics and technology related courses. Exciting Opportunities Participate in overseas exchange programmes, tailor-made professional preparation programmes and exclusive internship opportunities with renowned accounting firms and financial institutions. Professional Recognition Both the BBA(Acc&Fin) and BBA(ADA) programmes are accredited as an approved programme under the Qualification Programme (QP) of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA). You will be eligible for direct entry to the QP provided all pre-entry requirements have been met. You will also be exempted from the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) foundation level exam to complete further non-exempted papers at the professional level and earn your ACCA membership. Alternatively, graduates can pursue an associate membership of CPA Australia, provided you meet the requirements, and advance to CPA status as stipulated by the institute. In addition, students of the two programmes are eligible to enrol in the CGMA® Finance Leadership Program and kickstart their journey to become a member of Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) and a Chartered Global Management Accountant while they are studying in the University. Career Prospects The BBA(Acc&Fin) / BBA(ADA) programme will prepare you to join the workforce in accounting, banking, consulting, and other industries with a focus on data, and analytics. BBA(Acc&Fin) graduates have gone on to secure employment at respected local and global organisations, including Accenture, Bloomberg, Credit Suisse, Deloitte, Ernst & Young, JP Morgan, KPMG, Morgan Stanley, and PwC, among many others. If you’re considering this programme, please review our programme-specific application standards and deadlines to give yourself the best possible chance of securing a place. APPLY NOW Explore More For Further Information HKU Business School: 3917 5343 fbe.ugenquiry@hku.hk https://ug.hkubs.hku.hk/ More Programmes More Programmes HKU Business School Bachelor of Economics/ Bachelor of Economics and Finance BEcon/BEcon&Fin HKU Business School Bachelor of Business Administration (Business Analytics) BBA(BA) HKU Business School, Faculty of Law Bachelor of Business Administration (Law) and Bachelor of Laws BBA(Law)&LLB HKU Business School Bachelor of Finance in Asset Management and Private Banking BFin(AMPB)