Eligibility to Apply via JUPAS Source: JUPAS website - Eligibility Eligible to Apply via JUPAS In accordance with the HKSAR Government's policy, as from the 2020 JUPAS cycle, only applicants with valid documentation confirming they are LOCAL applicants / students at the time of submission of applications will be accepted. LOCAL applicants who belong to the categories below with past and / or current HKDSE Examination results are eligible to apply via JUPAS for admission to the following programmes on the strength of their HKDSE Examination results , provided that they are NOT enrolled in full-time bachelor's degree programmes offered under JUPAS at the time they submit their JUPAS applications: UGC-funded full-time bachelor's degree programmes offered by the 8 UGC-funded institutions; Self-financing full-time bachelor's degree programmes offered by HKMU; SSSDP full-time bachelor's degree programmes offered by the SSSDP institutions; UGC-funded full-time associate degree programmes offered by CityU; UGC-funded full-time higher diploma programme offered by EdUHK; and UGC-funded full-time higher diploma programmes offered by PolyU. LOCAL applicants with HKDSE Examination results only All local applicants (school and non-school applicants) who wish to apply for admission to the above programmes on the strength of their HKDSE Examination results MUST apply via JUPAS. LOCAL applicants with both HKDSE Examination AND other academic results Local applicants with both HKDSE Examination AND other academic results whose HKDSE Examination results ALONE will make them eligible for application for admission to the above programmes can apply either via JUPAS or non-JUPAS, but NOT both. Assessment of these local applicants applying via JUPAS will be based mainly on their HKDSE Examination results , while other factors will be considered by relevant institutions as appropriate. NOT Eligible to Apply via JUPAS Applicants who belong to the categories below are NOT ELIGIBLE to apply via JUPAS. If they do, their JUPAS applications will NOT be processed. Any fees paid will not be refunded or transferred to another year / other application. If they wish to apply for admission, they should consult individual institutions concerned for further information. Non-local applicants As from the 2020 JUPAS cycle, in accordance with the HKSAR Government's policy, ALL non-local applicants, regardless of whether they possess HKDSE Examination results, MUST apply for admission via the non-JUPAS route, and NOT via JUPAS. Applicants with a combination of HKDSE Examination AND other academic results Applicants with a combination of HKDSE Examination AND other academic results which TOGETHER may make them eligible for application for admission to the programmes offered under JUPAS are NOT ELIGIBLE to apply via JUPAS. For applicants who are not eligible to apply via JUPAS, please Apply here. Read More Read More ADMISSIONS STANDARDS JUPAS Admissions Standards As a prospective student applying on the strength of your results with the Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE), here’s everything you need to know to submit your HKU application through the Joint University Programmes Admissions System (JUPAS). Explore More 1