Bachelor of Arts and Sciences in Design+ 6236 STUDY PERIOD 4-year ABBREVIATION BASc(Design+) NO. OF FIRST YEAR PLACES 20 FACULTY Faculty of Architecture Paragraphs Programme Introduction Programme Introduction DEVELOP DESIGN THINKING AND LEADERSHIP SKILLS This programme produces highly effective, adaptive, and creative graduates capable of leading across multiple disciplines. Take the first step towards a celebrated, global career that values your intellectual creativity, analytical excellence, critical thinking skills, and innovative problem-solving abilities. 13 th best university worldwide for architecture / built environment 4 th in Asia and best-performing in Hong Kong QS World University Rankings by Subject 2025 Lead globally Develop the design thinking skills demanded of today’s global leaders. Be in demand Stand out in both the general job market and specialised industries. What You’ll Study Cutting across disciplines, the programme is structured around design thinking as the foundation for interdisciplinary studies, innovation, and entrepreneurship. Delving into highly impactful design thinking methods and processes, the degree prepares students to be innovators and creative leaders. You will learn to excel at leading multidisciplinary project teams to achieve original and commercially, environmentally, and socially viable solutions to complex problems. Career Prospects The Design+ programme will give you the ability to assemble knowledge from diverse disciplines and create actionable plans for a distinct professional advantage in both the general job market and specialised industries. If you’re considering this programme, please review our programme-specific application standards and deadlines to give yourself the best possible chance of securing a place. APPLY NOW Explore More For Further Information Faculty of Architecture: 3917 2149 faculty@arch.hku.hk https://fac.arch.hku.hk Bachelor of Arts and Sciences in Design+: 3917 2149 faculty@arch.hku.hk https://www.arch.hku.hk/design More Programmes More Programmes Faculty of Architecture Bachelor of Arts in Architectural Studies BA(AS) Faculty of Architecture Bachelor of Arts in Landscape Studies BA(LS) Faculty of Architecture Bachelor of Arts in Urban Studies BA(US) Faculty of Architecture Bachelor of Science in Surveying BSc(Surv)