GLOBAL REPUTATION Bringing Bright Minds Together Bringing Bright Minds Together 232 HKU Professoriate Staff Ranked Among the World’s Top 1% of Leading Scientists Clarivate 2025 74 . 4 % Non-local Professoriate and Academic Staff HKU Data 54 Number of Highly Cited Researchers named by Clarivate 2025. HKU Ranks #13 in the World and #1 in Hong Kong Clarivate 2025 It’s been a privilege to learn from highly respected professionals My professors in the medical faculty are exemplary. Most of them are at the forefront of research in medicine and surgical procedures in Asia, and even the world. It’s been a privilege to learn from these highly respected professionals. Their willingness and humility in teaching has been a constant encouragement and motivation for me to work hard in pursuit of my medical qualification. I believe Hong Kong provides me with a wide range of opportunities to pursue the specialty of my choice after graduation. Jeremy Tay Singapore I'm never hesitant to approach my teachers Throughout my time at HKU, I've been able to take an incredibly wide variety of courses based on my own interests . These have ranged from forensic science and Buddhism to China studies. There is definitely something on offer here for everyone! The professors and tutors in my classes have been passionate and enthusiastic about their work and the subjects they teach, which makes me all the more motivated to get involved and participate in their classes. I am never hesitant to approach my teachers after classes because they are very friendly and willing to help out with any questions. Yasmin Chafra United Kingdom My professors have fantastic stories about reporting in different parts of the world Moving to Hong Kong all alone was a little overwhelming, but from my very first moment in the journalism department, I felt welcome. Classes are always active, innovative, and dynamic. Many of the professors are international, and almost all of them have been foreign correspondents for news networks outside of their home countries. In orientation, the professors made it very clear that students and teachers are colleagues, so we call them by their first names. Our professors often work part-time because they still work in the field. They have real-life experience and fantastic stories about wartime reporting in Africa, or finance editing in Tokyo, or anchoring in Australia. Their personal connections in the industry at all the top news agencies mean amazing guest lecturers and potential internships for students . Anna Gustafson United States Our Global Rankings by Subject Our Global Rankings by Subject First Column 2 nd Dentistry QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Second Column 5 th Education & Training QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Third Column 11 th Geography QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Fourth Column 14 th Architecture & Built Environment QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 First Column 15 th Library & Information Management QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Second Column 18 th Data Science & Artificial Intelligence QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Third Column Fourth Column 18 th Medical and Health Times Higher Education World University Rankings by Subject 2026 First Column 20 th Law & Legal Studies QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Second Column 20 th Civil & Structural Engineering QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Third Column 22 nd English Language & Literature QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Fourth Column 23 rd Modern Languages QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 First Column 24 th Sociology QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Second Column Third Column 26 th Accounting & Finance QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Fourth Column 27 th Computer Science & Information Systems Times Higher Education World University Rankings by Subject 2026 First Column 27 th Linguistics QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Second Column 28 th History QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Third Column 30 th Marketing QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Fourth Column 30 th Nursing QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Opening Doors to High-Flying Careers Opening Doors to High-Flying Careers 2 - 3 Average Number of Job Offers Received Before Graduation HKU Data 1 st Most Employable University Graduates in Hong Kong QS Graduate Employability Rankings 2022 10 th Most Employable University Graduates in the World QS Graduate Employability Rankings 2022 Meeting Bill Clinton and other adventures: How HKU shaped a young entrepreneur Sidhant's two start-ups are based on projects that he developed under experiential learning schemes funded by the Gallant Ho Experiential Learning Fund at HKU: an AI robot that collects marine trash and an AI-powered open-source underwater camera for research conservation and citizen science. But it was his experience at the Hult Prize that led him to a path in entrepreneurship. Sidhant's team reached the top 50 out of 50,000 and ended up in London (where they met Bill Clinton). While they did not win, Sidhant says this experience taught him that, if he can take a small idea brainstormed amid final-year projects and exams and turn it into something tangible, then he can run his own start-up. They were offered funding for their Hult Prize idea but Sidhant's team members chose a more traditional but equally prestigious path and ended up in international banks in Hong Kong. Sidhant Gupta India Opportunities to pave future careers University life at HKU for me has been very fruitful. In addition to the education quality and other facilities offered, HKU has encouraged me to learn beyond the scope of the classroom . To me personally, extracurricular activities and relevant experience are must-haves to successfully initiate a career in Hong Kong. The fact that it constantly exposes its students to valuable opportunities is my main reason for choosing HKU. During my first two years of university I participated in multiple case competitions , both local and international, most of which were introduced and fully funded by HKU Business School. Last year, in a case competition hosted by Maybank, I was declared the runner-up and the bank extended an offer for a summer internship, which was pretty unexpected as they typically look for third-year students. I worked within the Global Banking Department, gaining client-facing skills and a holistic overview of the banking industry. The learning curve I experienced was indescribable. Janice Danier Indonesia