STUDY AT HKU Join HKU, Join the World HKU is proud to be ranked #1 in Asia by the QS Asia University Rankings 2026 , and to have achieved a historic 11 th place globally in the QS World University Rankings 2026 . With 74.4% non-local professoriate and academic staff , our faculty is as diverse as our student body. When you join HKU, you’ll have the chance to study abroad with one of our 4 33 exchange partners in 49 destinations – no wonder we are consistently recognised as one of the Most International Universities in the World ! These achievements reflect HKU’s global excellence and unwavering commitment to academic distinction. SEE the World with HKU Exchanges Experience the world beyond Hong Kong's borders with our 433 exchange partners in 49 destinations! Spend a semester or two at Cambridge, Oxford, MIT, Princeton, Yale – or one of hundreds more of our university partners. I’m grateful that I got to go on exchange to Italy with HKU. It allowed me to experience one of Europe’s best business schools, leave my comfort zone, live in another country, and meet people from all over the world. Studying in two diverse locations took me out of my comfort zone! I learnt about both local and international cultures, which helped me grow as a global citizen. I’ve no doubt that the experience will benefit me for life. Suchir Mital, Class of 2021 Bachelor of Business Administration CUSTOMISE Your Programme Choose the subjects that inspire you and create your own study path! Enjoy the freedom to mix and match courses from different disciplines. Explore 57 leading programmes with 100+ majors. When I came to HKU, my dream was to be a scientist. However, the flexible curriculum broadened my horizons and I took finance as a second major. A variety of internships meant my learning continued outside of the classroom and prepared me for the real world. After four years of mixing and matching courses, my interest in finance triumphed over science. I now happily work as a consultant at McKinsey & Company. Friska Claudia, Class of 2016 Bachelor of Science TRANSFORM Ideas Into Reality Test your skills in our exciting international hackathons and competitions! Incubate your ideas at HKU’s innovation and entrepreneurship hub , iDendron . The people I met at HKU helped to shape me as a person and an entrepreneur. In 2018, I founded Gööp, a campus social network that connects university students. My start-up was supported by iDendron, HKU’s innovation and entrepreneurship hub, and the team members were very supportive from the beginning. I am truly thankful to them for their intelligence, diligence and creativity. Kyle Leung, Class of 2019 Bachelor of Business Administration