Tuition Fees and Scholarships PolyU offers a range of scholarships for our students. PolyU recognises the academic/ non-academic achievements of our prospective and current students through offering different types of scholarships. We welcome scholarship applications from high-achieving international students with excellent academic results and potential. Scholarships for university studies | Hong Kong Polytechnic University University scholarships available for international and local students. PolyU offers different scholarships to recognise student's outstanding achievements. PolyU recognises the academic and/or non-academic achievements of our students through offering different types of university scholarships to prospective and current students. Normally, current students pursuing full-time undergraduate programmes leading to PolyU awards are eligible for these university scholarships (i.e. HKCC, SPEED, PolyU inbound exchange students are not eligible). PolyU also offers international scholarships for non-local students, including both entry and post-entry scholarships. Entry scholarships for prospective students For those pursuing full-time undergraduate programmes, the University offers entry scholarships for HKDSE students, mainland students and international students based on academic or non-academic achievements. From time to time, a number of private organisations, firms, professional bodies and individuals donate scholarships for university students to recognise their outstanding academic and/or non-academic achievements, such as achievements in extra-curricular activities and community services during their studies at PolyU. Around 365 and 47 academic entry scholarships were awarded to new local and international students respectively in 2018/19. Most of the university scholarship awardees are nominated by Heads of Academic Departments. A limited number of scholarships/ prizes are open to application by students. Post-entry scholarships for current students The University provides post-entry scholarships for students who are already studying at PolyU and are awarded on the basis of academic and/or non-academic achievements, such as achievements in extra-curricular activities and community services. These scholarships are normally awarded on academic merit and/or according to other specific conditions as stipulated by the donors. Scholarships for University overseas exchange/internship programme PolyU is committed to making our global opportunities financially accessible to students so that students can broaden their professional knowledge and widen their horizons. Some university scholarships are made available to full-time current students to pursue one-semester or one-year overseas studies. Students are encouraged to attempt the TOEFL or IELTS examination (Academic Module) first if you are interested in these scholarships. PolyU also offers other sponsorship/subsidy/financial assistance to support the living costs of full-time UGC-funded undergraduate students during exchange studies or internships overseas/in the Chinese mainland. Service-learning scholarships Under the administration of the Service-Learning and Leadership Office (SLLO), the Service-Learning Scholarships is provided for university students with outstanding performance in service-learning subjects to encourage them to continue their involvement in community service and act as student leaders to support the service-learning development at PolyU. The selected awardees will be required to fulfill all requirements, such as attending leadership training, serving as student leaders, submitting logbook and journal etc., in order to receive the scholarship. Scholarships for university students with outstanding sports achievements Sports Scholarships, which are mainly offered by the University in the form of entry scholarships and amounting up to the tuition fee level, are awarded to students who have reached an international level of performance with outstanding achievements in his/her sports areas. A small number of scholarships offered by donors are also available to recognise students with outstanding sports achievements. International scholarships PolyU offers international scholarships for outstanding foreign students on the basis of academic merit, non-academic achievements (e.g. prizes/awards received in internationally recognised competitions) and interview performance. Outstanding international applicants who wish to be considered for international scholarships should fill in the scholarship application section via eAdmission (https://www38.polyu.edu.hk/eAdmission/index.jsf). Those who are awarded international scholarships will be informed when they are offered admission. Post-entry scholarships are also available to full-time undergraduate students, including international students. Undergraduate Taught Postgraduate Research Postgraduate Undergraduate The tuition fee for Bachelor's Degree programmes is HK$47,000 per academic year for local students. The fee is payable in two equal instalments before the start of the first and second semesters. Non-JUPAS admittees to government-funded full-time Bachelor's Degree are required to pay an initial fee of HK$5,000 when they take up their offer. The initial fee, which is non-refundable and non-transferable, will be converted to form part-payment of the first semester tuition fee. For more details: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/study/ug/fees-and-scholarships/fees Entry scholarships are available for outstanding admittees based on academic or non-academic achievements. For more details: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/study/ug/fees-and-scholarships/scholarships The tuition fee for taught postgraduate programmes varies according to choice of programme. For more details: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/study/pg/taught-postgraduate/tuition-fees-tpg Entry scholarships may be provided by individual programme-offering academic departments. For more details: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/study/pg/taught-postgraduate/financial-assistance-and-scholarships-tpg For more details: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/study/pg/research-postgraduate/tuition-fee-and-registration-fee-rpg For more details: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/study/pg/research-postgraduate/fellowship-and-scholarship-rpg Tuition Fees and Scholarships for Non-local Students Undergraduate International Students Chinese Mainland Students Postgraduate Taught Postgraduate Students Research Postgraduate Students Quick Links Quick Links Post-entry Scholarships PhD Fellowship Scheme Outstanding Sportsmen Recommendation Scheme Student Resources and Support Section