Research Play Video/ Pause Video PolyU's Research Excellence Drives Impactful Innovation PolyU is leveraging its world-class academic and research excellence to develop innovative solutions for a more sustainable tomorrow. The University’s strong interdisciplinary focus in research and innovation seeks to address complex global problems that require collaboration across disciplines. This involves creating an environment in which our researchers work together across disciplines, and with partners, to address societal needs. PolyU -Scientific Research at Best Research Universities in Asia PolyU's scientific research excellence is among the best research universities in Asia, proactively translating scientific discoveries into innovations and viable solutions and tackle global challenges. Hong Kong Universities Best University in Asia Study in Hong Kong Postgraduate Studies in Hong Kong University Scholarships Top 100 Universities In The World Exchange Programmes and Overseas Internship Hong Kong Study Abroad Scholarships in Hong Kong Graduate School Hong Kong PhD Fellowship Scheme Knowledge Transfer and Entrepreneurship Mainland Translational Research Institutes Master's Degree Programme Best Research Universities in Asia Research Postgraduate Postgraduate Programmes Taught Postgraduate Programme Jupas 2025 Non Jupas World-Class Research University | PolyU The Hong Kong Polytechnic University is a world-class university with leading research in multiple disciplines, making bold advances to break new ground. With over 80 years of proud tradition, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University is a world-class research university, ranking among the world’s top 100 institutions. We strive in inter-disciplinary research and impactful innovations for discoveries to solve real-world challenges. Our researchers are developing breakthrough ideas, fostering sustainability, lifting economic outcomes, and improving communities’ lives for the benefit of Hong Kong, the nation and the world. Research Excellence The university commits to research excellence and addresses global challenges with practical innovation. Our commitment to interdisciplinary research has led to innovative discoveries for a more sustainable tomorrow. We uncover knowledge and transform research excellence into impactful innovation through multi-disciplinary collaborations. University Partnership and Research Collaboration PolyU welcomes academic and research collaboration with university partners worldwide. PolyU’s impressive global reach has led to various academic partnerships and research collaboration as well as different types of staff and student mobility with like-minded institutions around the world. We support the development of international partnerships, facilitate and strengthen links with leading universities for senior management and faculty to explore collaboration opportunities, provide partnership relationship and collaboration briefings to inform decision-making on international matters, and arrange high-level incoming and outgoing international visits. A research university with a strong emphasis on societal impact PolyU is a world-leading research university with a strong emphasis on excellence, societal impact and social responsibility. We are the university where interdisciplinary research collaboration, innovation and entrepreneurship development are highly valued. Our newly established Graduate School commits to the scholarly excellence and provides research postgraduate students with high-quality educational experience and professional development. Being one of the leading research universities in Asia, PolyU Graduate School offers a wide variety of world-class research postgraduate programmes from 6 Faculties and 2 Schools. Our research students from all over the world receive trainings in different fields including applied sciences and textiles, business, construction and environment, design, engineering, health and social sciences, hotel and tourism management and humanities. Our research graduates are making contributions to society worldwide and teaching in universities, conducting research in institutes, working in industries, financial firms and investment banks, governments, hospitals, consultant companies, real estate or social agencies, etc. Research Resources A full array of research resources and facilities have been established to foster translational research and innovation to shape a better future. List of Research Units 8 National Research Labs 20 Interdisciplinary Research Institutes & Centres 48 University-level Research Centres & Facilities 25 Faculty / School / Department-level Research Centres Research Impact Our community of researchers bring together excellence and innovation, driving technological advancements to meet changing environmental, social, healthcare and commercial needs. We engage in a wide spectrum of research projects spanning from deep space exploration to AI and robotics, advanced manufacturing, smart cities, carbon neutrality, healthcare and food security. Widely recognised in national and international arenas, our practical and problem-solving innovations have contributed positively to the world. Read our publication " Excel x Impact " to learn more about our research stories. Mainland Translational Research Institutes These institutes aim to align the University’s research capabilities with the industrial and societal needs of the Mainland cities, thereby promoting their development. Learn More Research Postgraduate PolyU offers research degree programmes leading to Master of Philosophy and Doctor of Philosophy to nurture talents across disciplines. Graduate School Research Postgraduate Programmes PhD Fellowship Scheme Large Equipment Core research facilities provide deep access to related disciplines and support a wide range of research and teaching activities. List of Large Equipment Quick Links Quick Links PolyU Academy for Interdisciplinary Research (PAIR) Research and Innovation Office Mainland Translational Research Institutes PolyU Scholars Hub PolyU Institutional Research Archive Graduate School Academicians and Distinguished Scholars