Admissions Create the Future You Imagine Our professional education model adopts a unique experiential learning approach which comprises of internship , service-learning and overseas exchange opportunities . We have a wide variety of local and international leadership and development programmes for a truly transformative education experience – equipping students with the right skills to be socially responsible global leaders of tomorrow. PolyU- Study in Hong Kong| THE University Rankings-World Rankings Study in Hong Kong to experience a vibrant culture and world-class education. Among university rankings in Hong Kong, PolyU is ranked top 100 in THE university rankings 2025 and QS university rankings. Hong Kong Universities Best University in Asia Study in Hong Kong Postgraduate Studies in Hong Kong University Scholarships Top 100 Universities In The World Exchange Programmes and Overseas Internship Hong Kong Study Abroad Scholarships in Hong Kong Graduate School Hong Kong PhD Fellowship Scheme Knowledge Transfer and Entrepreneurship Mainland Translational Research Institutes Master's Degree Programme Best Research Universities in Asia Research Postgraduate Postgraduate Programmes Taught Postgraduate Programme Jupas 2025 Non Jupas Top Hong Kong universities in THE University Rankings | PolyU With over 80 years of proud tradition in Hong Kong, PolyU ranks among the world’s top institutions holding the 129th place in the THE University Rankings 2021. About THE University Rankings Times Higher Education, THE, creates university rankings to assess university performance on the global stage and to provide a resource for readers to understand the different missions and successes of higher education institutions. The THE World University Rankings, provide the definitive list of the world’s best universities, with an emphasis on the research mission. The data team of THE University Rankings evaluate the universities across the world against the 13 separate performance indicators, covering the full range of a top university’s essential areas of activity: teaching, research, knowledge transfer and international outlook. THE University Rankings have become a vital study advice resource for students, helping them to make one of the most important decisions of their lives – who to trust with their education. The overall THE World University Rankings, featuring more than 1,500 institutions, are accompanied by a series of subject-specific rankings to help students determine where to study. PolyU Holding One of the Highest THE University Rankings in Hong Kong In the THE World University Rankings, PolyU has achieved commendable results, rising 42 places to the 129th position in 2020, holding one of the highest universities rankings in Hong Kong. The results testify to PolyU’s academic and research excellence as a world leader in many of its disciplines. The University will continue to develop its reputation as a university that excels in education, research and innovation, making positive contributions to society. In the THE Young University Rankings 2020, PolyU holds the 19th place which is among the top 3 university rankings in Hong Kong. At PolyU, we nurture bright young minds to become leaders of tomorrow. Our researchers uncover knowledge and transform research excellence into impactful innovation through multi-disciplinary collaborations. With over 80 years of proud tradition, PolyU ranks among the world’s top 100 institutions; and also, amidst the top rankings among Hong Kong universities. PolyU is a home for educating thinkers, communicators and discoverers to make changes for a better world. Going forward, PolyU will continue its pursuit of excellence and impact through its education and research endeavours, strengthening its position as a world-class university, aiming at being the one of the best Hong Kong university in rankings; while making significant contributions to Hong Kong, the nation and the world. QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Hospitality and Leisure Management 15th Civil and Structural Engineering 18th Nursing 18th Architecture and Built Environment 21st Art and Design 24th Rankings 10th QS Asia University Rankings (2026) 54th QS World University Rankings (2026) More Information on Rankings Programmes, Tuition Fees and Scholarships We welcome students from diverse personal and educational backgrounds. Our broad range of courses cover more than 170 postgraduate and undergraduate programmes. Scholarships are available to outstanding local and overseas students. Financial assistance is also available to those in need of support. Undergraduate Degree Studies Local Admissions International Admissions Mainland Admissions Taught Postgraduate Studies More Research Postgraduate Studies More Tuition Fees and Scholarships More 1 Hall life at PolyU has provided me with the opportunity to meet so many different people from various cultures and backgrounds. Jo-Ann Rose Sanu, India Faculty of Business (Year 4) The courses and support from PolyU’s School of Design have truly prepared me with the abilities needed to become an outstanding designer. Fang Jen-hung Justin, Taiwan, China School of Design (Year 3) Participating in PolyU’s service-learning scheme provided me with invaluable experience in serving the community. Ho Cheuk-yiu Cherrie, Hong Kong, China Faculty of Engineering (Year 3) The PolyU sports team is one big family. My seniors provide me with great advice when I face challenges in my academic studies or swimming. Ng Yu-hin Michael, Hong Kong, China Faculty of Health and Social Sciences (Year 4) I’ve appreciated studying various CAR (Cluster Area Requirements) subjects, which has allowed me to gain knowledge in different fields. Kwan Hoi-nam Helen, Hong Kong, China Faculty of Humanities (Year 4) The mandatory 6-month internship helped me develop the right mindset and personality as a hotelier. Ng Cheuk-kiu, Hong Kong, China School of Hotel and Tourism Management (Year 4) Joining the PolyU orchestra has been one of the greatest experiences of my university life. Mao Yi-wei Joey, Chinese Mainland Faculty of Applied Science and Textiles (Year 4) I was very fortunate to be accepted by PolyU, and under the guidance of my supervisor, we have been able to participate in various nation lunar exploration projects. Chen Long Brandon, Chinese Mainland Faculty of Construction and Environment (Year 3) Move left or Right Let's hear from our students We believe today’s learners are tomorrow’s leaders. At PolyU, we help realise your true potential with our broad range of professional programmes and stimulating learning environment. Quick Links Quick Links eAdmission Support for non-local students Hall Residence Expenses Academic Registry Graduate School PhD Fellowship Scheme