Education PolyU's education nurtures future-ready global leaders. At PolyU, students realise their potential and acquire real-world practical skills that are critical in a rapidly evolving world. Our distinctive academic programmes provide students with numerous opportunities to develop as lifelong learners, global-minded leaders and socially responsible citizens. 33,900 + Students 512,950 + (Approximate latest figures) Graduates Learning Excellence Teaching Excellence 899 Full-time academic staff at Assistant Professor and above levels 186 + Programmes Broad-based Curriculum for Holistic Academic Development PolyU’s education journey focuses on the articulation of desired learning outcomes of students and aligning them through teaching, learning and assessment tools. Systematic data collection on learning outcomes and continual evidence-based improvement ensure that the learning journey is always relevant. We are committed to blended online teaching and learning, providing a flexible platform for lifelong learning and knowledge exchange among learners and educators alike worldwide. Work-Integrated Education PolyU has pioneered work-integrated programmes in the undergraduate curriculum, providing students with real-life industry experience. More Service-Learning A unique hallmark of PolyU’s holistic education, Service-Learning is where professional education meets societal needs. More Student Exchange We continuously expand our global network of partnerships with student exchange programmes to foster an international outlook. More Leadership Programmes Our credit-bearing courses on leadership and interpersonal development welcome more than 2,000 students each year in their journey as future global leaders. More 1 Faculties, Schools and College The 7 Faculties, 4 Schools and 1 College at PolyU consistently align the academic programmes with the evolving needs of society and industry. This commitment fuels the development of Hong Kong, the Nation, and the world. Faculty of Business Faculty of Computer and Mathematical Sciences Faculty of Construction and Environment Faculty of Engineering Faculty of Health and Social Sciences Faculty of Humanities Faculty of Science School of Design School of Fashion and Textiles School of Hotel and Tourism Management Graduate School College of Undergraduate Studies Resources for You Study@PolyU Library MOOC Chinese Language Centre English Language Centre Institute for Higher Education Research and Development Quick Links Quick Links Quality Assurance under the Outcome-Based Framework General University Requirements