Global International Community Enjoy an international, enriching and inclusive campus ambience. Through our extensive global network, you will access international academic exchanges and enhance your understanding and appreciation of cultural diversity and broader social issues. All students are encouraged to take on student mobility programmes outside Hong Kong for a cosmopolitan learning experience. Embracing Greater Bay Area Opportunities | PolyU PolyU embraces Greater Bay Area opportunities and actively engage in supporting the research and academic collaborations between Hong Kong and other GBA cities. The Greater Bay Area (GBA) refers to the nation's scheme to link the cities of Hong Kong, Macau, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Zhuhai, Foshan, Zhongshan, Dongguan, Huizhou, Jiangmen and Zhaoqing into an integrated economic and business hub. The Central and HKSAR Government’s initiatives to develop the Greater Bay Area provide many opportunities for education and research collaborations between the University and mainland institutions. Closer to home, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) embraces Greater Bay Area opportunities brought about by a world-class urban cluster development. Enhancing our role to support the GBA development is one of our strategic initiatives, setting standards for education and research collaborations between institutions of Hong Kong and those of other GBA cities. PolyU is keen to establish collaboration initiatives with potential and existing partners in the Greater Bay Area and Mainland China to facilitate and boost high-impact research in the diverse area, aiming at integrating PolyU's domain knowledge and expertise with industry efforts and government support to facilitate disruptive technology development to transfer into applications for the society. Greater Bay Area International Institute for Innovation PolyU and Shenzhen University (SZU) will jointly set up The Greater Bay Area International Institute for Innovation (GBA I3) with an aim to develop the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau GBA into a world-class innovation hub. In collaboration with renowned institutions and enterprises worldwide, the Institute will provide a solid platform for nurturing innovative technology talents, advancing technology and innovation development, and incubating high-tech entrepreneurs. It will offer innovation and technology talents of Hong Kong, Chinese mainland and the world more opportunities for development in the Greater Bay Area. PolyU and SZU will use the Institute as a platform to operate joint entrepreneurship education programmes. International exchanges with innovation communities worldwide will be conducted to capitalise various collaboration opportunities in the Greater Bay Area. Through bringing in global talents, post-doctoral researchers and investors, the institute helps promote the internationalization of Greater Bay Area. PolyU students and other young people can also embrace the tremendous Greater Bay Area opportunities brought by innovation and technology driving development. Peng Cheng Laboratory on big data and artificial intelligence research PolyU and Peng Cheng Laboratory (PCL) intend to jointly conduct research cooperation in the field of Big Data Analytics, Advanced Networks and IoT, AI and Robotics, Blockchains and Smart Health for the benefit of the national and social development. Apart from conducting scientific research projects, constructing and sharing research facilities and commercialisation of the research findings, they will engage in academic exchange and promote talent cultivation. With practical and impactful innovations, the laboratory will bring new opportunities, contribute to the Greater Bay Area and strengthen the connection with industrial partners. New Futian Institute PolyU is launching a new research institute in Futian to leverage the opportunities offered by the Greater Bay Area development. The PolyU-Shenzhen Technology and Innovation Research Institute (Futian) will run research projects supported by the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Science and Technology Innovation Cooperation Zone (Pilot Scheme). The Institute will add impetus to the impactful research produced by PolyU. Joint Research Platform Drives Biotechnology and Translational Medicine Development PolyU and its alliance partners from the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area (including Shenzhen University, Sun Yat-sen University and Macau University of Science and Technology) signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center and The State University of New York at Buffalo to establish the first biotechnology and translational medicine collaborative research platform among the United States and the Guangdong–Hong Kong–Macau Greater Bay Area. Drawing expertise from the collaborating parties and their networks and taking the opportunities in the Greater Bay Area, the objective of this partnership is to foster research in biotechnology and bring innovative technology in developing cancer drugs, genomics, translational medicine and other related areas in biotechnology. Offering Internship Opportunities in Greater Bay Area Expanding Students’ Global Perspective Greater Bay Area opportunities are not confined to research study, student can join internship and work in GBA cities as well. A unique feature of the University’s undergraduate curriculum is the mandatory Work-Integrated Education (WIE) programme, under which students become involved in projects or work as interns in an organisation. Offshore internships were available worldwide, including the placement opportunities in the Greater Bay Area. International Faculty PolyU promotes internationalisation among faculty and staff. We actively seek diversity in the faculty body through proactive recruitment and retention. Previous Our faculty and staff partake in many multi-cultural activities on campus and actively enhance our global connections through research, education and knowledge transfer. Our faculty and staff partake in many multi-cultural activities on campus and actively enhance our global connections through research, education and knowledge transfer. Next International Collaborations and Partnerships Ranked among the top 100 universities globally, PolyU is already a world leader in many areas. By mobilising our assets and talents, engaging international alliances such as University Social Responsibility Network (USRN) and University Alliance of the Silk Road (UASR) , collaborations and industry partnerships, and establishing strategic platforms, we help pave the way for closer global connections. PolyU promotes interdisciplinary research particularly in emerging areas such as artificial intelligence and robotics, contributing to vibrant innovation in solving global and/or social challenges. Scroll Left Scroll Right 600+ Academic Collaboration agreements 360+ Overseas Institutions 40+ Countries and regions 14,000+ Non-local Students 1 Closer to home, PolyU embraces the opportunities brought about by the Greater Bay Area (GBA) development. Enhancing our role in the GBA is one of our strategic focus areas, setting standards for education and research collaborations between institutions of Hong Kong and those of other GBA cities. We proactively engage in supporting the Nation’s Belt Road Initiative by leveraging our expertise and well-established network to further enhance talent development and research and knowledge transfer in the region. Quick Links Quick Links Global Engagement Office Mainland Development Office