Prospective Students A Unique Learning Experience Embark on a truly transformative education experience. Our emphasis on experiential learning and a holistic education will equip you for life beyond university. Join our 497,500-strong global alumni and 32,100 students for a rewarding learning experience that will open your mind and help shape your future. Master's Degree Programme - PolyU Programme List PolyU offers diverse academic disciplines through over 30 units in 6 faculties and 3 schools. Explore more than 160 programmes, including master's degree programmes, for leadership and development. Hong Kong Universities Best University in Asia Study in Hong Kong Postgraduate Studies in Hong Kong University Scholarships Top 100 Universities In The World Exchange Programmes and Overseas Internship Hong Kong Study Abroad Scholarships in Hong Kong Graduate School Hong Kong PhD Fellowship Scheme Knowledge Transfer and Entrepreneurship Mainland Translational Research Institutes Master's Degree Programme Best Research Universities in Asia Research Postgraduate Postgraduate Programmes Taught Postgraduate Programme Jupas 2025 Non Jupas Study Abroad at one of the best Hong Kong universities | PolyU Study abroad at The Hong Kong Polytechnic University and enjoy an international, enriching and inclusive campus ambience. With over 80 years of proud tradition, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) is a world-class university, ranking among the world’s top 100 institutions and an ideal choice for anyone who desires to study abroad in Hong Kong. PolyU is a home for educating thinkers, communicators and discoverers in delivering positive impact. We are committed to training tomorrow’s leaders today, through a professionally-oriented education that delivers graduates unrivaled placements to thrive in businesses and industries. An Enriching and Inclusive Campus Ambience At PolyU, we welcome students from diverse personal, cultural and educational backgrounds who are keen to study abroad in Hong Kong. Our broad range of courses cover more than 150 postgraduate and undergraduate programmes. Scholarships are available to outstanding local and overseas students. Our cosmopolitan campus reflects our global network with continuous knowledge exchange, research and academic collaborations. Through our extensive global network, students can enjoy international academic exchanges and enhance the understanding and appreciation of cultural diversity and broader social issues. PolyU offers different exchange activities, summer programmes, conferences and competitions, short-term study abroad tours and other international engagements. Students are encouraged to take on student mobility programmes and study abroad outside Hong Kong for a global learning experience. Global Perspectives in Academic Programmes We believe that study abroad can be a life-changing experience. At PolyU, we nurturestudents to be socially responsible global citizens and make positive contributions to the world around us. We infuse a world perspective in all our programmes and provide students with many opportunities to enhance global awareness and engagement. Through internships and Service-Learning programmes, students can gain exposure on the world stage outside Hong Kong. International Student Life Our halls of residence at PolyU offers a vibrant ecosystem with many opportunities for students to develop a life-long global network with those who are also studying abroad in Hong Kong. By immersing yourselves in numerous exciting and joyful hall activities, students can enjoy friendship with fellow students from diverse cultures and nationalities. For non-local students, study abroad may mean being away from home for the first time. PolyU offers a supportive community to help you navigate campus life and also life in Hong Kong. A helping hand or two (when it all seems overwhelming) can help you thrive in your new home away from home. International Collaborations and Partnerships Ranked among the top 100 universities globally, PolyU earns a world-leading reputation in many of its disciplines.. By mobilising our assets and talents, engaging international alliances such as University Social Responsibility Network (USRN) and University Alliance of the Silk Road (UASR), collaborations and industry partnerships, and establishing strategic platforms, we help pave the way and provide both local and non-local students who are studying abroad with closer global connections taking advantage of the strategic location of Hong Kong. Closer to home, PolyU embraces the opportunities brought about by the Greater Bay Area (GBA) development. Enhancing our role in the GBA is one of our strategic focus areas, setting standards for education and research collaborations between institutions of Hong Kong and those of other GBA cities. We proactively engage in supporting the Nation’s Belt Road Initiative by leveraging our expertise and well-established network to further enhance talent development and research and knowledge transfer in the region, benefiting a lot of international students who desire to study abroad in Hong Kong because of the vast opportunities in China. QS World University Rankings by Subject 2026 Hospitality and Leisure Management 15th Civil and Structural Engineering 18th Nursing 18th Architecture and Built Environment 21st Art and Design 24th Rankings 10th QS Asia University Rankings (2026) 54th QS World University Rankings (2026) More Information on Rankings Programmes PolyU has over 30 academic units across seven Faculties, four Schools and one College, opening doors to a broad range of academic disciplines. Explore over 170 postgraduate and undergraduate programmes that will uncover your passions, and potentially take you into leadership and development programmes here and overseas. Apply Now Faculties, Schools and Departments JUPAS Applicable to applicants with HKDSE results Non-JUPAS Year 1 Admissions Senior Year Admissions Postgraduate Taught Postgraduate Research Postgraduate International Applicable to non-local applicants with international qualifications who require a student visa to study in Hong Kong Chinese Mainland Applicable to non-local applicants who require a student visa to study in Hong Kong Experience PolyU Our cosmopolitan campus reflects our global network with continuous knowledge exchange, research and academic collaborations. We are constantly anticipating rather than responding to global challenges, and we take pride in creating social and economic impact. Study at Hong Kong Student Stories Hear from your peers. PolyU students share their campus experience and how they have developed a global worldview through the range of opportunities available to them through university life, Service-Learning and Work-Integrated Education programmes. Explore Quick links Quick links Tuition Fees and Scholarships Exchange & Placement Opportunities Service-Learning Accommodation & Campus Life