Postgraduate Studies in Hong Kong- PolyU Admissions Postgraduate Studies in Hong Kong- PolyU Admissions PolyU postgraduate admissions page serves as your gateway to exploring postgraduate studies in Hong Kong, offering a wide variety of world-class research postgraduate education programmes from 6 facuities and 2 schools. World-class Postgraduate Education in Hong Kong | PolyU PolyU offers holistic postgraduate education. Our diversified programmes are highly acclaimed for their originality and relevance to the changing world. The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) welcomes students from diverse personal and educational backgrounds. Our broad range of courses cover more than 150 postgraduate and undergraduate education programmes. There are 2 types of postgraduate education programmes offer in PolyU: Taught Postgraduate education programme (TPG) and Research Postgraduate education programme (RPG). Taught Postgraduate education programmes focus more on coursework. Some may require the completion of a dissertation. For research postgraduate education programmes, the PhD or MPhil degree is awarded to a student who, upon completing an approved programme of study and research, presents a dissertation on the results of his/her research and satisfies the examiners in an oral examination (and other examinations if required) in matters relevant to the subject of the dissertation. PolyU offers a wide variety of world-class research postgraduate education programmes from 6 Faculties and 2 Schools. Our research students from all over the world receive trainings in different fields including applied sciences and textiles, business, construction and environment, design, engineering, health and social sciences, hotel and tourism management and humanities. Our research graduates are making contributions to the society worldwide and teaching in universities or schools, conducting research in institutes, working in industries, financial firms and investment banks, governments, hospitals, consultant companies, real estate or social agencies, etc. Study and Conduct Research along with Brilliant Minds and Innovators PolyU commits to research excellence and addresses global challenges with practical innovation. Our commitment to interdisciplinary research has led to innovative discoveries for a more sustainable tomorrow and we are also committed to the scholarly excellence and success of our research postgraduate students. We invest significantly to provide our students with high-quality educational experience and professional development. There are two types of research postgraduate education programmes, i.e., Master of Philosophy (MPhil) and the Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) programmes). Under our outcome-based framework, research postgraduate students pursue an education comprising of compulsory and elective subjects in-depth, with a view to contributing to the existing body of knowledge, as well as a research project under the supervision of an experienced academic staff member with similar research interests. PolyU offers Research Studentships to full-time PhD and MPhil students. The Studentship is a scholarship intended as a means of financial support to allow full-time research postgraduate students to focus on education. It is awarded on the basis of academic merit. Hong Kong Universities Best University in Asia Study in Hong Kong Postgraduate Studies in Hong Kong University Scholarships Top 100 Universities In The World Exchange Programmes and Overseas Internship Hong Kong Study Abroad Scholarships in Hong Kong Graduate School Hong Kong PhD Fellowship Scheme Knowledge Transfer and Entrepreneurship Mainland Translational Research Institutes Master's Degree Programme Best Research Universities in Asia Research Postgraduate Postgraduate Programmes Taught Postgraduate Programme Jupas 2025 Non Jupas