Current Students President’s Message for the New Academic Year Read More Election of PG Student Member for Appintment to the PolyU Council (New Round) Details President’s Message for the New Academic Year Read More Election of PG Student Member for Appintment to the PolyU Council (New Round) Details 1 2 3 4 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 Next Academic Matters eStudent LEARN@PolyU AR Help Centre Library Student Handbook Academic Calendar University Notices Aspire@PolyU (President's Newsletters) Hong Kong Summer Programme | PolyU International Summer School Join the Hong Kong Polytechnic University's summer school programme where you can enrol for credit-bearing subjects and expand your horizons through activities including local field trips and cultural exchange events with students from all around the world. Every summer, students from all over the world will participate in different international summer programmes to gain valuable experience and broaden their horizon. Ranked in the Asia’s top 3 in the QS Best Student Cities 2019, Hong Kong is one of the most popular destinations among international students when joining summer programme or studying aboard. Among different Hong Kong summer school programmes, the Hong Kong Polytechnic University International Summer School where students can enrol for credit-bearing subjects and expand their horizons through various cultural activities is very popular and attracts a large number of local and overseas applicants every year. The Hong Kong Polytechnic University International Summer School The PolyU’s summer school programme which lasts for about 4 weeks provides 15 credit courses, covering a wide range of intellectually stimulating subjects, including " Chinese Language, Culture and Society", " Design, Innovation and Technology" and " Business, Entrepreneurship and Global Leadership". The summer programme offers opportunity to broaden their skills and knowledge in multiple disciplines. Students participating in the summer programme can choose one or two courses, each carries three credits. All courses will be taught by distinguished scholars in their fields. In addition to undertaking credit-bearing subjects, students in the summer programme will also participate in a rich array of activities including local field trips and cultural exchange events to enrich their learning experience. Some of the enrichment activities in the Hong Kong Polytechnic University International Summer School programme 2019 are listed as below for reference: -Chinese Tea Brewing and Chinese Calligraphy Workshop -Chinese Kung Fu (Martial Arts) Experience Workshop -Lamma Island Eco-cultural Tour -Tung Lung Chau Cruise -Cooking Workshop: Chinese Dishes (Chinese Dim Sum and Turnip Cake) Experiencing university hall life and the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong are important factors for joining Hong Kong summer school. The University campus is located at the centre of the city, adjacent to the Cross Harbour Tunnel in Hung Hom, Kowloon. All courses in the Hong Kong Polytechnic University International Summer School programme will be conducted in PolyU’s campus. Students will reside in on-campus accommodation and enjoy hall life! Who can apply for the Hong Kong Polytechnic University International Summer School programme? There are three types of students eligible to enrol in the summer programme, namely PolyU students, exchange students / non-local fee-paying students and local fee-paying students. PolyU students We strongly recommend all PolyU full-time bachelor's degree students to take part in the summer programme to widen their horizon and enrich your international exposure. Exchange students / non-local fee-paying students -Exchange Students from PolyU Exchange Partners Students must have completed the first year of study in their university by the time of commencement of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University International Summer School programme. -Non-local fee-paying students Students must have completed the first year of study in their university by the time of commencement of the summer programme. Local Fee-paying Students Local full-time bachelor’s degree students who fulfil the following requirements are eligible to apply: 1.have completed their first year of studies in other local universities by the time of commencement of the summer programme; 2.are in good academic standing; and 3.have the right of abode in Hong Kong. Other Application Requirements of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University International Summer School Since all courses and activities are taught/conducted in English, students must meet the specific requirements of English proficiency as stated in the summer programme website: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/summerschool/application/undergraduate-students/polyu-students/ Interested in joining Hong Kong summer school programme to make the most of your summer? Visit the official website of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University International Summer School (https://www.polyu.edu.hk/summerschool/) and get the latest information of our programme! Diverse Development Programmes Learn and apply Work-Integrated Learning Experience practical training and connect classroom theory at the workplace. Go abroad Exchange Opportunities - Overseas Enrich your cultural experience and expand your international network. Go abroad Exchange Opportunities - Overseas Explore China Exchange Opportunities - Mainland China Widen your horizons and enhance your understanding of the nation. Explore China Exchange Opportunities - Mainland China Serve the community International Youth Programmes Enjoy a meaningful summer @ PolyU International Summer School Join and gain an international exchange experience with students from all around the world. Be our diplomat Student Ambassador Programmes Career Development Programmes Serve the community Service-Learning Subjects on Offer Sports Development Counselling and Wellness List of Student Representatives Student Organisations Quick Links Quick Links Freshmen Experience Support for Non-local Students Scholarships Financial Assistance Support for Students with Special Needs Careers and Placements Sexual Harassment Policy