1. Fee Types A) Hall Lodging Fee The lodging fees of PolyU Students Halls are on the low side among local institutions. PolyU aims to provide quality living environment for students at a reasonable and affordable rate. The Hall lodging fee for the residential year 2026/27 covers the period from 24 Aug 2026* to 28 May 2027. It is payable by two instalments with the payment deadlines shown in the table below. There will be NO adjustment of Hall lodging fee for late occupancy, or early withdrawal during the last 2 months of the residential year. Late check-out will be subject to a fine of $200 per day ($300 per day for prolonged overstay), on top of the original daily lodging fee. The daily rate of Hung Hom Halls and Homantin Halls for the residential year 2026/27: $66.6 ($18,514.8* for the whole period) for both double and triple rooms (triple rooms are only available in Homantin Halls). * Hall lodging fee is charged from the assigned check-in date onwards. To alleviate congestion, non-local freshmen are assigned to check-in on 24 or 25 Aug 2026, while the earliest check-in date for current students is 26 Aug 2026. Residential Year 2026/27 | Instalment 1 | Instalment 2 . Double Room | $9,324 | $9,190.8 . Triple Room | $9,324 | $9,190.8 . Payment deadline | 2 July 2026 | 21 December 2026 B) Hall Caution Money ($900) All students are required to pay the Hall Caution Money upon the acceptance of the offer of hall residence. It will be forfeited if (i) the student fails to settle the first instalment of hall fee before hall residence, or (ii) if the student cancels his/her hall application before check-in. It is refundable upon official withdrawal from or termination of hall residence, subject to no claim on hall residence or other outstanding hall related charges. Any residual amount of the Hall Caution Money after deduction will be refunded to the student in due course. C) Hall Function Fee ($200 per semester) Payable in two instalments (covering the residential period of the first and the second semester respectively), the Hall Function Fee is used for various hall education programmes and is non-refundable irrespective of whether the resident attends the programmes or not. It is non-refundable if a student has resided for 14 days or more within the semester. It can be exempted if the student checks in within the last 2 weeks of a semester. 2. Payment Schedule To confirm their acceptance of the offer of hall residence, students should pay the Hall Fees, comprising Hall Function Fee and Hall Lodging Fee for the first semester, as well as Hall Caution Money. Those who fail to settle the Hall Fees on or before the due date will have their hall application disqualified. Hall Function Fee and Hall Lodging Fee for the second semester will usually be collected in November of each year. In case a student withdraws his/her hall offer before check-in, he/she should immediately inform the Hall Administration by email. He/She is still liable to pay the Hall Cancellation Fee of $900, the lodging fee incurred up to the date of notification, and the Hall Function Fee of the semester if the chargeable residential period has reached 14 days within the semester. 3. Payment Means Please refer to the Finance Office here for details of payment methods either in or outside Hong Kong. 4. Timely Payment of Hall Fees Timely payment of hall fees is an important part of student responsibility and helps us maintain the smooth operation of the residential community. Students should ensure they have sufficient financial means before submitting hall applications and accepting hall offers. Students are encouraged to take responsibility for their financial obligations and manage their finances prudently. Students who anticipate genuine difficulty in settling hall fees should seek advice at an early stage from the relevant Student Affairs Office (SAO) unit: • Financial Assistance Team (For Local Students); or • Non-Local Student Services (For Non-local Students). Failure to pay the hall fees by the due date will result in: • forfeiture of the hall offer, for students who have not yet checked in; or • imposition of a late payment administration fee, for students who have already checked in. 5. Consequences of Continued Non-Payment Continued non-payment of hall fees constitutes a breach of the Hall Regulations. This may result in disciplinary actions, withdrawal of hall offer, suspension of hall access and termination of hall residence. It may also affect the student’s eligibility for future applications for University-managed Accommodation (UMA). Serious cases may be referred to the Student Discipline Committee for further action. Notes: • | As stipulated in the PolyU Student Handbook, the University reserves the right to withhold the issuance of an award parchment or any certification of study to a student who has unsettled matters with the University. . • | The Hall Administration reserves the right to utilise scholarships or financial assistance administered by the Student Affairs Office towards settlement of outstanding UMA fees, after tuition fees have been covered where applicable. Any shortfall shall remain payable by the student concerned. 6. Cancellation & Withdrawal from Hall Residence Please refer to the Regulations Governing Hall Residence of respective hall ( Hung Hom / Homantin ) about partial residence, cancellation and withdrawal from hall residence. 7. Refund A) | Students are required to provide their bank account number in “ Student Account Information ” to expedite the refund process. According to Students’ Handbook, refunds / payments from the University will be made by autopay to students. Students should ensure their bank account is still functional until the completion of all payments / refunds from the University. . B) | Exchange students will get the refund by "Post-Cheque Method". All refund will be posted by cheque to the corresponding address as shown in Academic Registry student database. Students will receive the cheque in around 4 weeks after the check-out date. The cheque will be in Hong Kong dollars and valid for 6 months only. In case they cash the cheque in their local bank, they may be required to pay a handling fee by the bank. . C) | Final year students, including non-local students, should ensure their bank account in Hong Kong is still functional after check-out for receiving hall refund. According to Hang Seng Bank, PolyU graduates can retain their bank accounts for 1 year after graduation without paying handling charge. Please contact your local bank direct for details. . D) | In case a refund is pending over 5 years due to the fault of the concerned student [e.g. a) a local student refuses to provide his/her bank account information for refund purpose; b) the address provided by a non-local student for sending the refund cheque is not accurate; c) a non-local student has not deposited the refund cheque] and the University cannot contact him/her, the refund will be confiscated and subsequent request for refund will not be entertained. 1. Fee Types A) Hall Lodging Fees Hall/Room Type | Sep 2026 - Aug 2027 . Daily Lodging Fee for the first admission | Daily Lodging Fee for readmitted students . Hung Hom Halls | Single Rooms | $165.3 | $172.6 . Double Rooms | $72.8 | $103.6 . Homantin Halls | Single Rooms | $165.3 | $172.6 . Double Rooms or Triple Rooms in 9-Person-Cluster | $72.8 | $103.6 . Independent Triple Rooms | $82.8 | $120.9 Surcharge: For students who are unable to check out of the Student Halls for whatever reasons after the approved residential period, they shall be subject to a special extension surcharge on a daily basis on top of the daily lodging fee: Late Check-out | Daily Surcharge . Students check-in on or before 30 April 2024 | Students check-in from 1 May 2024 onwards . For the 1st month | $50 per day | $200 per day . For the 2nd month | $80 per day . For the 3rd month | $150 per day Note: New surcharge will start to apply on new RPG residents who check-in hall from 1 May 2024 onwards and the existing surcharge mechanism will continue to apply on the current RPG residents. The daily surcharge serves to provide a buffer period for students who are unable to find an accommodation in the market in time. This special extension may be offered on a monthly basis. Students are not expected to stay in hall for long-term by paying surcharge. Failure to check-out in time shall be regarded as violation of hall regulations, and the University reserves the right to take appropriate and necessary actions against any overdue checkout case. Please note that students who have violated hall regulations during their residential period will not entitle to overstay in the halls by paying the daily surcharge. Should these students fail to check out by the end of their approved residential period, a late check-out penalty of $300 per day shall be levied on top of the daily lodging fee, and the University reserves the right to take appropriate and necessary actions against those overdue checkout cases. B) Hall Caution Money ($900) All students are required to pay the Hall Caution Money upon the acceptance of the offer of hall residence. It will be forfeited if (i) the student fails to settle the first instalment of hall fee before hall residence, or (ii) if the student cancels his/her hall application before check-in. It is refundable on official withdrawal from or termination of hall residence, subject to no claim on hall residence or other outstanding hall related charges. Any residual amount of the Hall Caution Money after deduction will be refunded to the student in due course. C) Hall Function Fee ($200 per term) Payable in two instalments (covering the residential period of the first semester [from 1 September to 15 January] and the second semester [from 16 January to 31 May] respectively), the Hall Function Fee is used for various hall education programmes and is non-refundable irrespective of whether the resident attends any programmes (including the High-table Dinner) or not. It is non-refundable if a student has resided for 14 days or more within the semester. It can be exempted if the student checks in within the last 2 weeks of a semester. 2. Payment Schedule The first debit note will be issued to students after check-in for the Hall Caution Money and the Hall Function Fee of the semester, and the lodging fee of the current quarter. After that, debit note will be issued quarterly. 3. Payment Means Please refer to the Finance Office here for details of payment methods either in or outside Hong Kong. 4. Timely Payment of Hall Fees Timely payment of hall fees is an important part of student responsibility and helps us maintain the smooth operation of the residential community. Students should ensure they have sufficient financial means before submitting hall applications and accepting hall offers. Students are encouraged to take responsibility for their financial obligations and manage their finances prudently. Students who anticipate genuine difficulty in settling hall fees should seek advice at an early stage from the relevant Student Affairs Office (SAO) unit: • Financial Assistance Team (For Local Students); or • Non-Local Student Services (For Non-local Students). Failure to pay the hall fees by the due date will result in: • forfeiture of the hall offer, for students who have not yet checked in; or • imposition of a late payment administration fee, for students who have already checked in. 5. Consequences of Continued Non-Payment Continued non-payment of hall fees constitutes a breach of the Hall Regulations. This may result in disciplinary actions, withdrawal of hall offer, suspension of hall access and termination of hall residence. It may also affect the student’s eligibility for future applications for University-managed Accommodation (UMA). Serious cases may be referred to the Student Discipline Committee for further action. Notes: • | As stipulated in the PolyU Student Handbook, the University reserves the right to withhold the issuance of an award parchment or any certification of study to a student who has unsettled matters with the University. . • | The Hall Administration reserves the right to utilise scholarships or financial assistance administered by the Student Affairs Office towards settlement of outstanding UMA fees, after tuition fees have been covered where applicable. Any shortfall shall remain payable by the student concerned. 6. Cancellation & Withdrawal from Hall Residence Please refer to the Regulations Governing Hall Residence of respective hall ( Hung Hom / Homantin ) about partial residence, cancellation and withdrawal from Hall Residence. 7. Refund A) | Students are required to provide their bank account number in “ Student Account Information ” to expedite the refund process. According to Students’ Handbook, refunds / payments from the University will be made by autopay to student. Students should ensure that their bank account is still functional until the completion of all payments / refunds from the University. . B) | Final year students, including non-local students, should ensure that their bank account in Hong Kong is still functional after check-out for receiving hall refund. According to Hang Seng Bank, PolyU graduates can retain their bank accounts for 1 year after graduation without paying handling charge. Please contact your local bank directly for details. . C) | In case a refund is pending over 5 years due to the fault of the concerned student [e.g. a) a local student refuses to provide his/her bank account information for refund purpose; b) the address provided by a non-local student for sending the refund cheque is not accurate; c) a non-local student has not deposited the refund cheque] and the University cannot contact him/her, the refund will be confiscated and subsequent request for refund will not be entertained. 1. Fee Types A) Hall Lodging Fee The lodging fees of PolyU Students Halls are on the low side among local institutions. PolyU aims to provide quality living environment for students at a reasonable and affordable rate. The Hall lodging fee for the residential year 2025/26 covers the period from 29 Aug 2025 to 29 May 2026, payable by two instalments in the first and the second semester respectively. There will be NO refund of Hall lodging fee for late check-in during the first 2 weeks or early departure during the last 2 months of the residential year. Late check-out will be subject to a fine of $200 per day on top of the original daily lodging fee. The daily rate of Hung Hom Halls and Homantin Halls for the residential year 2025/26: $61.7 ($16,905.8 for the whole period) for both double and triple rooms (triple rooms are only available in Homantin Halls). Residential Year 2025/26 | Instalment 1 | Instalment 2 . Double Room | $8,391.2 | $8,514.6 . Triple Room | $8,391.2 | $8,514.6 B) Hall Caution Money ($700) All students are required to pay the Hall Caution Money upon the acceptance of the offer of hall residence. It will be forfeited if (i) the student fails to settle the first instalment of hall fee before hall residence, or (ii) if the student cancels his/her hall application before check-in. It is refundable upon official withdrawal from or termination of hall residence, subject to no claim on hall residence or other outstanding hall related charges. Any residual amount of the Hall Caution Money after deduction will be refunded to the student in due course. C) Hall Function Fee ($200 per semester) Payable in two instalments (covering the residential period of the first and the second semester respectively), the Hall Function Fee is used for various hall education programmes and is non-refundable irrespective of whether the resident attends the programmes or not. It is non-refundable if a student has resided more than 2 weeks within a semester. It can be exempted if the student checks in within the last 2 weeks of a semester. 2. Payment Schedule To confirm their acceptance of the offer of hall residence, students should pay the Hall Fees, comprising Hall Function Fee and Hall Lodging Fee for the first semester, as well as Hall Caution Money. Those who fail to settle the Hall Fees on or before the due date will have their hall application disqualified. Hall Function Fee and Hall Lodging Fee for the second semester will usually be collected in November of each year. In case a student withdraws his/her hall offer before check-in, he/she should immediately inform the Hall Administration by email. He/She is still liable to pay the Hall Cancellation Fee of $700, the lodging fee incurred up to the date of notification, and the Hall Function Fee of the first semester if the notification is given 2 weeks after the expected check-in date. 3. Payment Means Please refer to the Finance Office here for details of payment methods either in or outside Hong Kong. 4. Timely Payment of Hall Fees Timely payment of hall fees is an important part of student responsibility and helps us maintain the smooth operation of the residential community. Students should ensure they have sufficient financial means before submitting hall applications and accepting hall offers. Students are encouraged to take responsibility for their financial obligations and manage their finances prudently. Students who anticipate genuine difficulty in settling hall fees should seek advice at an early stage from the relevant Student Affairs Office (SAO) unit: • Financial Assistance Team (For Local Students); or • Non-Local Student Services (For Non-local Students). Failure to pay the hall fees by the due date will result in: • forfeiture of the hall offer, for students who have not yet checked in; or • imposition of a late payment administration fee, for students who have already checked in. 5. Consequences of Continued Non-Payment Continued non-payment of hall fees constitutes a breach of the Hall Regulations. This may result in disciplinary actions, withdrawal of hall offer, suspension of hall access and termination of hall residence. It may also affect the student’s eligibility for future applications for University-managed Accommodation (UMA). Serious cases may be referred to the Student Discipline Committee for further action. Notes: • | As stipulated in the PolyU Student Handbook, the University reserves the right to withhold the issuance of an award parchment or any certification of study to a student who has unsettled matters with the University. . • | The Hall Administration reserves the right to utilise scholarships or financial assistance administered by the Student Affairs Office towards settlement of outstanding UMA fees, after tuition fees have been covered where applicable. Any shortfall shall remain payable by the student concerned. 6. Cancellation & Withdrawal from Hall Residence Please refer to the Regulations Governing Hall Residence of respective hall ( Hung Hom / Homantin ) about partial residence, cancellation and withdrawal from hall residence. 7. Refund A) | Students are required to provide their bank account number in “ Student Account Information ” to expedite the refund process. According to Students’ Handbook, refunds / payments from the University will be made by autopay to students. Students should ensure their bank account is still functional until the completion of all payments / refunds from the University. . B) | Exchange students will get the refund by "Post-Cheque Method". All refund will be posted by cheque to the corresponding address as shown in Academic Registry student database. Students will receive the cheque in around 4 weeks after the check-out date. The cheque will be in Hong Kong dollars and valid for 6 months only. In case they cash the cheque in their local bank, they may be required to pay a handling fee by the bank. . C) | Final year students, including non-local students, should ensure their bank account in Hong Kong is still functional after check-out for receiving hall refund. According to Hang Seng Bank, PolyU graduates can retain their bank accounts for 1 year after graduation without paying handling charge. Please contact your local bank direct for details. . D) | In case a refund is pending over 5 years due to the fault of the concerned student [e.g. a) a local student refuses to provide his/her bank account information for refund purpose; b) the address provided by a non-local student for sending the refund cheque is not accurate; c) a non-local student has not deposited the refund cheque] and the University cannot contact him/her, the refund will be confiscated and subsequent request for refund will not be entertained. 1. Fee Types A) Hall Lodging Fees Hall/Room Type | Sep 2025 - Aug 2026 . Daily Lodging Fee for the first admission | Daily Lodging Fee for readmitted students . Hung Hom Halls | Single Rooms | $153.1 | $159.8 . Double Rooms | $67.4 | $95.9 . Homantin Halls | Single Rooms | $153.1 | $159.8 . Double Rooms or Triple Rooms in 9-Person-Cluster | $67.4 | $95.9 . Independent Triple Rooms | $76.7 | $111.9 Surcharge: For students who are unable to check out of the Student Halls for whatever reasons after the approved residential period, they shall be subject to a special extension surcharge on a daily basis on top of the daily lodging fee: Late Check-out | Daily Surcharge . Students check-in on or before 30 April 2024 | Students check-in from 1 May 2024 onwards . For the 1st month | $50 per day | $200 per day . For the 2nd month | $80 per day . For the 3rd month | $150 per day Note: New surcharge will start to apply on new RPG residents who check-in hall from 1 May 2024 onwards and the existing surcharge mechanism will continue to apply on the current RPG residents. The daily surcharge serves to provide a buffer period for students who are unable to find an accommodation in the market in time. This special extension may be offered on a monthly basis. Students are not expected to stay in hall for long-term by paying surcharge. Failure to check-out in time shall be regarded as violation of hall regulations, and the University reserves the right to take appropriate and necessary actions against any overdue checkout case. Please note that students who have violated hall regulations during their residential period will not entitle to overstay in the halls by paying the daily surcharge. Should these students fail to check out by the end of their approved residential period, a late check-out penalty of $200 per day shall be levied on top of the daily lodging fee, and the University reserves the right to take appropriate and necessary actions against those overdue checkout cases. B) Hall Caution Money ($700) All students are required to pay the Hall Caution Money upon the acceptance of the offer of hall residence. It will be forfeited if (i) the student fails to settle the first instalment of hall fee before hall residence, or (ii) if the student cancels his/her hall application before check-in. It is refundable on official withdrawal from or termination of hall residence, subject to no claim on hall residence or other outstanding hall related charges. Any residual amount of the Hall Caution Money after deduction will be refunded to the student in due course. C) Hall Function Fee ($200 per term) Payable in two instalments (covering the residential period of the first semester [from 1 September to 15 January] and the second semester [from 16 January to 31 May] respectively), the Hall Function Fee is used for various hall education programmes and is non-refundable irrespective of whether the resident attends any programmes (including the High-table Dinner) or not. It is not refundable if a student has resided more than 2 weeks within a semester. It can be exempted if a student checks in within the last 2 weeks of a semester. 2. Payment Schedule The first debit note will be issued to students after check-in for the Hall Caution Money and the Hall Function Fee of the semester, and the lodging fee of the current quarter. After that, debit note will be issued quarterly. 3. Payment Means Please refer to the Finance Office here for details of payment methods either in or outside Hong Kong. 4. Timely Payment of Hall Fees Timely payment of hall fees is an important part of student responsibility and helps us maintain the smooth operation of the residential community. Students should ensure they have sufficient financial means before submitting hall applications and accepting hall offers. Students are encouraged to take responsibility for their financial obligations and manage their finances prudently. Students who anticipate genuine difficulty in settling hall fees should seek advice at an early stage from the relevant Student Affairs Office (SAO) unit: • Financial Assistance Team (For Local Students); or • Non-Local Student Services (For Non-local Students). Failure to pay the hall fees by the due date will result in: • forfeiture of the hall offer, for students who have not yet checked in; or • imposition of a late payment administration fee, for students who have already checked in. 5. Consequences of Continued Non-Payment Continued non-payment of hall fees constitutes a breach of the Hall Regulations. This may result in disciplinary actions, withdrawal of hall offer, suspension of hall access and termination of hall residence. It may also affect the student’s eligibility for future applications for University-managed Accommodation (UMA). Serious cases may be referred to the Student Discipline Committee for further action. Notes: • | As stipulated in the PolyU Student Handbook, the University reserves the right to withhold the issuance of an award parchment or any certification of study to a student who has unsettled matters with the University. . • | The Hall Administration reserves the right to utilise scholarships or financial assistance administered by the Student Affairs Office towards settlement of outstanding UMA fees, after tuition fees have been covered where applicable. Any shortfall shall remain payable by the student concerned. 6. Cancellation & Withdrawal from Hall Residence Please refer to the Regulations Governing Hall Residence of respective hall ( Hung Hom / Homantin ) about partial residence, cancellation and withdrawal from Hall Residence. 7. Refund A) | Students are required to provide their bank account number in “ Student Account Information ” to expedite the refund process. According to Students’ Handbook, refunds / payments from the University will be made by autopay to student. Students should ensure that their bank account is still functional until the completion of all payments / refunds from the University. . B) | Final year students, including non-local students, should ensure that their bank account in Hong Kong is still functional after check-out for receiving hall refund. According to Hang Seng Bank, PolyU graduates can retain their bank accounts for 1 year after graduation without paying handling charge. Please contact your local bank directly for details. . C) | In case a refund is pending over 5 years due to the fault of the concerned student [e.g. a) a local student refuses to provide his/her bank account information for refund purpose; b) the address provided by a non-local student for sending the refund cheque is not accurate; c) a non-local student has not deposited the refund cheque] and the University cannot contact him/her, the refund will be confiscated and subsequent request for refund will not be entertained.