RPgAdmission System for Applicants 3 Steps to Apply for PhD / MPhil About HKPFS PolyU Fellowship & Scholarship Schemes Unlock your potential PolyU is committed to fostering academic excellence. A range of scholarships is designed to support the research studies, empowering students to excel in their PhD journey at our university. RGC Hong Kong PhD Fellowship Scheme (HKPFS) . HKPFS aims to support the best and brightest students in the world with a prestigious fellowship to pursue their PhD studies. The HKPFS package includes: Annual Stipend: HK$340,800 Research Excellence Scholarship: in the form of a tuition fee waiver Annual Conference Grant: HK$14,200 Cash Award: HK$40,000 for the first year, and HK$20,000 per year from the second year to the end of the normal study period University Accommodation : a guaranteed place for 2 years Visit here for the application procedures and other details about the scheme. Kuok Group Fellowship . Kuok Group Fellowship is a prestigious scheme designed for outstanding candidates worldwide with remarkable academic/research achievements to pursue their PhD studies. The fellowship package includes: Annual Stipend: HK$337,200 Research Excellence Scholarship: in the form of a tuition fee waiver Conference Grant: HK$25,000 Research-related International Exchange Allowance: HK$20,000 Cash Award: HK$40,000 for the first year, and HK$20,000 per year from the second year to the end of the normal study period University Accommodation: Eligible hall place for 1 year Visit here for more details about the scheme. PolyU Presidential PhD Fellowship Scheme (PPPFS) . PPPFS is a prestigious scheme designed for top candidates from around the world with exceptional academic/research achievements to pursue their PhD studies. The PPPFS package includes: Annual Stipend: HK$337,200 Research Excellence Scholarship: in the form of a tuition fee waiver Conference Grant: HK$25,000 Cash Award: HK$40,000 for the first year, and HK$20,000 per year from the second year to the end of the normal study period University Accommodation : Eligible hall place for 1 year Visit here for more details about the scheme. International PhD Fellowship Scheme (IPFS) . IPFS aims to attract and recruit high-calibre foreign students to pursue their PhD studies. The IPFS package includes: Annual Stipend: HK$230,640 HK$235,920 for PhD students who have confirmed registration Research Excellence Scholarship in the form of a tuition fee waiver Conference Grant: HK$25,000 Cash Award (may be allocated to outstanding applicants): HK$40,000 for the first year, and HK$20,000 per year from the second year to the end of the normal study period University Accommodation : Eligible hall place for 1 year Visit here for more details about the scheme. PolyU Research Postgraduate Scholarship (PRPgS) . PRPgS aims to provide financial support to PhD and MPhil students during their normal study period, allowing them to fully focus on their studies. Applicants will concurrently be considered for the PRPgS once they submit an application via RPgAdmission, no separate application is required. The PRPgS package includes: Annual Stipend: HK$230,640 HK$235,920 for PhD students who have confirmed registration Conference Grant: HK$25,000 University Accommodation: Eligible hall place for 1 year The fellowship/scholarship schemes are offered to PolyU full-time PhD and/or MPhil students only. They are mutually exclusive, and each student will be eligible to receive the fellowship/scholarship via ONE scheme only. Renewal of the awarded fellowship/scholarship is subject to the student's satisfactory performance and funding availability. PolyU reserves the right to revise the fellowship / scholarship / fees without prior notice. Last updated: 10 March 2026 RPgAdmission System for Applicants 3 Steps to Apply for PhD / MPhil About HKPFS PolyU Fellowship & Scholarship Schemes Read to learn more about PolyU's research studies What PolyU Offers for PhD Studies? Why Study PhD at PolyU? How to Apply?