PolyU Asia University Ranking - Among the best university in Asia PolyU Asia University Ranking - Among the best university in Asia PolyU is one of best university in Asia, has earned it recognition in QS World University Rankings: Asia for 2025, ranked 17th. This places PolyU among the top 20 in QS asia university rankings. One of the Best in Asia University Rankings Being one of the best universities in Asia with commendable results in university rankings, PolyU nurtures bright young minds to become leaders of tomorrow. The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) is a world-class university and among the best in Asia University Rankings with leading research in multiple disciplines, making bold advances to break new ground. At PolyU, we nurture bright young minds to become leaders of tomorrow. Our researchers uncover knowledge and transform research excellence into impactful innovation through multi-disciplinary collaborations. With over 80 years of proud tradition, PolyU ranks among the world’s top 100 institutions and Asia’s best 25 universities in rankings. Six disciplines ranked among the world’s top 50 in QS World University Rankings by Subject 2020. - 75th in QS World University Rankings (2020) - 129th in THE World University Rankings (2021) - 25th in QS Asia University Rankings (2020) - 24th in THE Asia University Rankings (2020) PolyU nurtures students to operate confidently in an international working environment and to make positive contributions as global citizens. As one of the best and among the top university rankings in Asia, PolyU infuses a world perspective in all our programmes and provide students with many opportunities to enhance global awareness and engagement. Students may take credit-bearing subjects outside Hong Kong. Through exchange, internship and Service-Learning programmes, our students gain exposure on the world stage. Closer to home, PolyU embraces the opportunities brought about by the Greater Bay Area (GBA) development. We proactively engage in supporting the Nation’s Belt Road Initiative by leveraging our expertise and well-established network to further enhance talent development and research and knowledge transfer in the region; aiming at offering more chances to students while making best use of our strategic location and proving ourselves to be the best university in Asia. PolyU is a home for educating thinkers, communicators and discoverers to make changes for a better world. Going forward, PolyU will continue its pursuit of excellence and impact through its education and research endeavours, strengthening its position as a world-class university and one of the best universities in Asia, while making significant contributions to Hong Kong, the nation and the world. Hong Kong Universities Best University in Asia Study in Hong Kong Postgraduate Studies in Hong Kong University Scholarships Top 100 Universities In The World Exchange Programmes and Overseas Internship Hong Kong Study Abroad Scholarships in Hong Kong Graduate School Hong Kong PhD Fellowship Scheme Knowledge Transfer and Entrepreneurship Mainland Translational Research Institutes Master's Degree Programme Best Research Universities in Asia Research Postgraduate Postgraduate Programmes Taught Postgraduate Programme Jupas 2025 Non Jupas