CN Yang Scholars Programme (CNYSP) | Premier Scholars Programmes | NTU Honours College | NTU Singapore The CN Yang Scholars Programme (CNYSP) is an NTU Signature Programme for undergraduates aspiring to become future leaders in science and engineering. The programme features a special curriculum emphasizing research skills, multidisciplinary inquiry, and collaboration. CN Yang scholars also receive many other unique educational opportunities, including overseas experiences to build connections with leading researchers around the world. Highlights CN Yang Scholars receive a wide array of benefits and perks : Tuition fee coverage * Living and accommodation allowances * Guaranteed overseas final year research project with travel allowance Guaranteed 4-year stay in NTU student housing ... and much more ! * For CN Yang Scholarship Programme Scholarship holders. Embark on a specially-designed multi-disciplinary curriculum to develop a strong scientific foundation. Gain valuable research experience under the mentorship of local and international faculty. Join a 10-day Overseas Learning Trip with your peers to a renowned overseas research centre. Round out your degree programme with a 5 – 8 month Overseas Final Year Project . Get priority for exchange programmes and other overseas experiences. CNYSP Brochure Browse our latest programme brochure Programme and Scholarship Benefits Learn about the benefits enjoyed by CN Yang Scholars Admission Guide Find out how to join the CN Yang Scholars community Overview Courses and other requirements for CN Yang Scholars Curriculum by Major CN Yang curricula for different degree programmes Research Research experiences for CN Yang Scholars Overseas Programmes The Overseas Learning Trip, Overseas Final Year Project, and other overseas experiences for CN Yang Scholars CN Yang Scholars' Club The student-run club for the CN Yang Scholars community CN Yang Alumni Association Resources for the alumni of the CN Yang Scholars Programme The CN Yang Scholars Programme has been an incredibly insightful experience, especially for anyone considering a future in research. From early exposure to lab work to opportunities for meaningful scientific exploration, the programme gives you a clear sense of what a research career might look like—and whether it's the right fit for you. One of the things I’ve appreciated most is the small, tight-knit community. Everyone is passionate, driven, and incredibly supportive. Whether it's tackling challenging modules together or sharing opportunities, there's a strong sense of camaraderie. You’re never alone in the journey—you build genuine friendships and find a group of people who will challenge and encourage you in equal measure. It's more than just an academic programme—it's a place where you grow personally and professionally, surrounded by peers who inspire you every day. Leong Zi Wei, Environmental Earth Systems Science, Class of 2025 I am grateful to have joined the CNYSP, which provided numerous research opportunities, including overseas ones, that I otherwise would not have. Through these research projects, I finally found a field I am interested in and intend to pursue after graduation. On top of that, I made many unforgettable memories in this tight-knit community and friends across different cohorts. Even as I graduate, I continue to be part of this supportive community through the alumni network. Thank you CNYSP for the wonderful memories! Tang Leng Ze, Materials Engineering, Class of 2025 The CN Yang Scholars Programme has been a transformative opportunity during my university journey. It has been a privilege to have met all my talented peers, esteemed professors and overseas mentors. I will always be grateful for this unique and inspiring programme. Chester Ling Yuxuan, Environmental Earth Systems Science, Class of 2024 CNYSP has given me multiple undergraduate research opportunities, which allowed me to explore my passion for organic chemistry. Furthermore, I was fortunate to be able to do my Overseas Final Year Project in Canada, where I got to work with pioneering researchers in their field while immersing myself in a new culture. In addition, I enjoyed being in the CNYSP community, with frequent student-led events and activities being run throughout the year, giving me a chance to grow leadership skills. Overall, I believe my time in CNYSP has been fruitful and fun and I am grateful for these four years. Cheryl Tan Cai Hui, Chemistry and Biological Chemistry, Class of 2024 I am very grateful to be part of the CN Yang Scholars Programme. CNYSP has given me the opportunity to work on various research projects that have enhanced my skills and expertise in my field of study, exposing me to knowledge and experiences that I would not acquire through a traditional undergraduate education. I have also benefited from the diverse and helpful community of peers and network of alumni that have supported me throughout my undergraduate journey, allowing me to forge friendships and mentorships with like-minded peers. Being a CN Yang scholar has also opened up many doors for me in terms of internships and jobs, as I have gained a competitive edge over others in terms of the in depth knowledge and expertise acquired through research. I would highly recommend this programme to anyone who is passionate about science and engineering and wants to make meaningful and impactful contributions to society. Pye Sone Kyaw, Computer Sciences, Class of 2023 1 2 3 4 5 Academic Leadership Team Director's Message CNYSP FAQs Contact Us