Undergraduate Programmes | College of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences | NTU Singapore HASS It All: Your future starts here! Over the years, the College of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences has grown to become an integral pillar of the Nanyang Technological University education structure driving both educational excellence and interdisciplinary research to give students a multifaceted learning experience. Home to over 6,000 undergraduate and graduate students, we act as a dynamic interface between several major disciplines in four distinct schools: The School of Art, Design and Media (ADM) degree programmes are deeply grounded in a studio-based learning model. The School blends the best of multiple worlds: a rigorous intellectual and conceptual development, western studio practices and the superb craft of Asian traditions. Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) in Design Art Specialisations: Interaction design Product Design Visual Communication Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) in Media Art Specialisations: Digital Animation Digital Filmmaking Photography & Digital Imaging For details of the BFA programme, please click here . The School of Humanities (SoH) offers degrees in five disciplines; namely Chinese, English, History, Linguistics and Multilingual Studies, and Philosophy. We also offer all of these disciplines as minors, and offer five additional minors in Creative Writing, Environmental Humanities, Gender and Diversity Studies, Modern Languages and Translation. Valuable additional exposure via our Student Exchange Programmes and Professional Attachment Programme are also offered. Bachelor of Arts (Hons) Majors: Chinese English History Linguistics and Multilingual Studies Philosophy For details of these BA (Hons) programmes, please click here . The School of Social Sciences (SSS ) offers degrees in four disciplines; namely Economics, Psychology, Public Policy and Global Affairs, and Sociology. We also offer all of these disciplines as minors, and offer five additional minors in Geography and Urban Planning; and Science, Technology and Society. To broaden our students’ perspectives across disciplines, and to increase their employability, we also offer a double-degree in Economics and Engineering as well as joint integrated honours in Economics and Mathematics. Valuable additional exposure via our Student Exchange Programmes and Professional Attachment Programme are also offered. Bachelor of Social Sciences (Hons) Majors: Economics Psychology Public Policy and Global Affairs Sociology Integrated Second Majors: Economics with a Second Major in Business Public Policy and Global Affairs with a Second Major in Media and Journalism Studies Psychology with a Second Major in Biological Sciences​ Integrated Interdisciplinary programme: Philosophy, Politics, and Economics​ For details of these BSocSci (Hons) programmes, please click here . Bachelor of Science (Hons) Economics and Data Science The Wee Kim Wee School of Communication and Information (WKWSCI) offers a four year undergraduate degree programme, the Bachelor of Communication Studies with honours to students. The programme trains and prepares graduates for careers in the media industry. Non-WKWSCI students also have the opportunity to graduate with a second major in communications within the duration of their 4-year course. In addition, the school also offers two integrated second major programmes only available at the point of admission. Bachelor of Communication Studies (Hons) Bachelor of Communication Studies with a Second Major in Business (Hons) Ba chelor of Communication Studies with a Second Major in Governance and International Relations (Hons) Students will be able to focus on one or more of the following tracks: Broadcast Media and Cinema Studies Data Science and Media Studies Journalism and Media Policies Strategic Communication for the Digital Age For details of the Bachelor of Communication Studies programme, please click here . Single Majors Double Majors Second Majors Minors NTU-USP Programme Learn a New Language Global Exposure Internships Beyond the Classroom Academic Achievements NTU Scholarships NTU Bursaries CoHASS Brochure Double Major Brochure School of Art, Design and Media School of Humanities School of Social Sciences Wee Kim Wee School of Communication and Information