Renaissance Engineering Programme | NTU Honours College | NTU Singapore We are committed to provide students with various opportunities to explore their interests, meet and work with like-minded individuals on meaningful projects and have an enriching and rewarding student life. Connect with new friends, pursue your passion and develop your interests and expand your horizons. Your REP chapter will be truly unforgettable and amazing! Renaissance Engineering Programme (REP) aims to groom engineering leaders with entrepreneurial spirit into change makers who are poised to take on the world. Our integrated and fully residential programme covers a broad spectrum of multidisciplinary subjects bridging engineering, business and humanities. Brochure Our Programme Admission Interview Process The admission interview process for the Renaissance Engineering Programme is in the format of Multiple Mini Interviews to ensure fairness among applicants. Scholarship Details Academic Matters Find out more on academic matters related to the Renaissance Engineering Programme including applying for leave, Flexible Grading Option and application of transcripts. Our students distinguish themselves in the classroom and around the world as they earned many regional and international accolades. We are proud of their achievement and will continue to support and provide them the platform to receive the necessary skills and knowledge. Previous Global Sustainability Challenge 2026 Global 3rd Place. Read more about the students' experience. UWB Hacks 2026 1st Place Track Winner (Cities and Societies). Read more about the students' experience. 2030 AI Challenge Second Place. Read more about the student's experience. Dell InnovateDash 2026 Champion. Read more about the students' experience. NTU PEAK 2026 Most Promising Leader. Read more about the student's experience. Maritime Hackathon 2026 1st Runner-Up. Read more about the students' experience. HacX! Hack for Public Safety 2025 1st Prize Winner (The Horizon Track) and Overall Impact Award. Read more about the students’ experience. Thammasat Undergraduate Business Challenge (TUBC) Second overall. Read more about the students’ experience. SingHacks (Ancileo x MSIG challenge) Third place. Read more about the students’ experience. NTU CEIT x Baringa Inter-varsity International Trading Case Competition First place. Read more about the students’ experience. NovaSpark International Pitch Competition First Runner-Up. Read more about the student’s experience. NTU x Base Web3 Hackathon Third place. Read more about the students’ experience. NTUC-Youth Sustainability Case Challenge First place. Read more about the student’s experience. UAiTED International Innovation Competition Top 6 out of 120 Teams worldwide. Read more about the student’s experience. Engineering Innovation Challenge 2025 Third place. Read more about the competition and our students’ experience. Global Consortium of Innovation and Engineering in Medicine (GCIEM) Semi-Finalist. Read more about the competition and our students’ experience. Best Integration Design Make Test (DMT) Project Read more about the student’s experience. International Case Competition @ Maastricht (ICC@M) 2025 Global 3rd Runners' Up. Read more about the competition and our students’ experience. ITSS x LTA Hackathon 2025 Third prize. Read more about the competition and our students' experience. Grab Hackfest 2025 Champion. Read more about the competition and our students' experience. National Sustainability Case Challenge 2025 First Runner-Up. Read more about the competition and our students' experience. Marshall International Case Competition 2025 Second Runner-Up, People's Choice Award and Best Speaker Award (Prasad Shubhangam Rajesh). Read more about the competition and our students' experience. NTU Product Club Internal Product Challenge People's Choice Award. Read more about the competition and our student's experience. Heavener International Case Competition 2025 Global Second Runner-up. Read more about the competition and our students' experience. Champions Trophy Case Competition Champion and Winner of People's Choice Award. Read more about the competition and our students' experience. NTU Escendo 2025 First Runner-up. Read more about the competition and our students' experience. Next 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 REP has always been my first choice. It allows me to get two degrees in just four and a half years – a Bachelor of Engineering Science from the College of Engineering and a Master of Science in Technology Management from Nanyang Business School. Leom Sheng Rui It was an incredibly valuable experience to work at the Data Science team in McLaren Applied Technologies (MAT), London. MAT has a unique ‘tech start up’ culture and the workplace environment was very flexible and comfortable. I was given a fair amount of autonomy for my professional attachment project and my supervisors had conducted frequent catch-up sessions to ensure that I can raise queries when needed. Taking part in their ‘what-are-we-up-to’ meetings also gave me more exposure to the technologies used in the industry and piqued my academic interests. My module selection at Imperial College London was also largely influenced by my time at MAT, as I could relate the academic knowledge to the tools used in the industry. Shawn Chen, who interned at McLaren Applied Technology, London ​The overseas exchange experience was undoubtedly the best part of my life as an undergraduate. Living abroad in Vancouver had been extremely eye-opening in more ways than one, from the well-structured academic curriculum in University of British Columbia to the vast and majestic natural landscape all around. Courses are conducted very much differently from that in Singapore, and it was a refreshingly novel approach towards academic rigour. Austine Yapp Zong Han 1 2 3 About Us Admission Interview Process Renaissance Engineering Programme Scholarship (REPS) Student Life and Residential Experience REP Achievements Student Testimonials Academic Matters Curriculum REP Faculty REAlumni FAQ