Tuition Grant Tuition Grant The Ministry of Education, Singapore (MOE) provides tuition grant (TG) which covers a substantial portion of the full tuition fees to eligible students. Students who receive the tuition grant are required to pay only the subsidized tuition fee. Who is Eligible? Who is Eligible? Full-time undergraduate students who gain admission to NTU on a subsidised fee basi​s are eligible for Tuition Grant and GST subsidy from MOE up to the normal duration taken to complete a degree programme. This is usually three or four years, depending on the programme. For students who transfer or are re-admitted within NTU or across local universities, they will be eligible for Tuition Grant up to the normal programme duration less the number of semesters of Tuition Grant received for the previous programme(s). For example, if a student had spent 2 semesters in a local university, and transfers to NTU to pursue a 4-year (i.e. 8-semester) undergraduate programme , the student will be eligible for the MOE Tuition Grant for only 6 (i.e. 8 minus 2) semesters at NTU. How to Apply How to Apply? Singapore Citizens Singaporean students do not need to submit an application for MOE Tuition Grant and will automatically receive a Tuition Grant, if they have not already availed the maximum Tuition Grant in another bachelor degree or higher degree in a local university. They are required to fill in a Tuition Grant Declaration Form after they have accepted their admission programme offer and obtained their matriculation number. Permanent Residents and international students SPR and International students who are interested in obtaining the MOE Tuition Grant to subsidise their tuition fees are required to indicate that they are opting for TG in their online admission application form. If they are offered a Tuition Grant together with their university place, they will need to indicate their decision if they are accepting the offer with or without Tuition Grant by 18 July 2025. For those who have accepted the admission offer with Tuition Grant, they will need to register for a Tuition Grant after they have obtained their matriculation number and Singpass. For all non-Singaporean students (including Singapore Permanent Residents), in exchange for the grant received under the Tuition Grant Scheme, they are required to sign the Tuition Grant Agreement in which they will be contractually obliged to work in a Singapore entity for three (3) years upon graduation. Before Registration You will need Singpass to apply for Tuition Grant (TG). Please ensure that you have both your digital student pass and Singpass ready, otherwise, please follow the steps below. Digital Student Pass 1. You are required to complete formalities and enrol biometrics at an offsite location on 18 August 2025 tentatively, subject to changes. This offsite enrolment will be held in NTU and you will be informed of the time and venue to have your biometrics enrolled. 2. A digital student pass will be issued about 7 working days after the offsite enrolment. 3. It takes another 5 working days after the issue of the digital student pass for the data to be synced to Singpass app and MyICA. 4. You will be able to register for a Singpass account in about 12 working days after offsite enrolment. 5. To register for Singpass account instantly with Singpass Face Verification, you will require a local mobile phone number. An OTP will be sent to this local mobile number for instant verification. Be Ready for TG Application in 2 Steps. If you do not already have a Singpass account, register for one as soon as you have your Student’s Pass. Refer to Singpass Registration User Guide for Student . 1. Get Singpass Ready If you do not already have a Singpass account, register for one as soon as you have your Student’s Pass. Refer to Singpass Registration User Guide for Student . 2 . Gather Sureties’ Information & Photo Identity Documents (ID) in advance. TWO sureties of any nationality are required. The guarantors must be aged 21 and above but below 65 and must not be an un-discharged bankrupt. Surety must not be a TG/ SO applicant or recipient with outstanding TG obligation. You may find the criteria for sureties at https://file.go.gov.sg/tg-sureties-criteria.pdf How to Register? How to Register? Singapore Citizens For Singaporean students who have accepted both their admission programme offer and MOE Tuition Grant (TG) offer, there is no need to register for TG at the Ministry of Education’s website. Singapore Permanent Residents and International Students SPR and International students who have accepted both their admission programme offer and MOE TG offer, you are required to register online for TG at the Ministry of Education’s website using your Singpass. Kindly take note that the registration will only start in September of your admitted year. 2 sureties of any nationality are required. The guarantors must be aged 21 and above but below 65 and must not be an un-discharged bankrupt. Surety must not be a TG/ SO applicant or recipient with outstanding TG obligation. You may find the criteria for sureties at https://file.go.gov.sg/tg-sureties-criteria.pdf Application details such as application dates and user guide will be shared closer the date. After submitting your application, you and your sureties will receive email noti­fications to sign the TGA online. ​ Online Regi​​stration Period for AY2025-26 freshmen | 02 February 2026 - 06 February 2026 . Online Signing on TG&S Portal | 07 February 2026 - 13 February 2026 Notes: For students who do not apply for a Tuition Grant or do not complete the registration and signing process, they will be required to pay the non-subsidised fees. Further Information Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ): tg-application-faq.pdf MOE’s Contact : https://go.gov.sg/tg-enquiry MO E Tuition Grant website : https://go.gov.sg/tgwebsite