Since 2021, we have introduced a sustainability course in our common interdisciplinary core curriculum (ICC) for all undergraduates. This course aims to develop students with the critical skills to collaborate across disciplines to systematically analyze major sustainability challenges from the perspectives of society, economy, and the environment. Students will learn to address sustainability issues from different viewpoints and at different scales. They will then use these skills to discuss and propose solutions for sustainability challenges facing Singapore and the world. Building on this foundation, NTU offers various undergraduate programmes with different aspects of sustainability incorporated in their curriculum. We also offer sustainability-themed programmes in Environmental Engineering and Environmental Earth Systems Science. In addition, students from other degree programmes with interest in sustainability may also enrol in our 2nd Majors or Minors related to this area. Sustainability: Society, Economy and Environment Science and Technology for Humanity Healthy Living and Wellbeing Ethics and Civics in a Multicultural World Bachelor of Engineering Degrees Computing | Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Environmental Engineering with Second Major in Future Foods The programme equips Environmental Engineering students with understanding concepts of food sustainability and apply them to real-world situations. Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Information Engineering and Media (IEM) with Second Major in Sustainability This is a professional degree programme with a broad-based and flexible curriculum that integrates theory with industrial practice. Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical & Electronic Engineering with Second Major in Sustainability The Bachelor of Engineering programme is a professional degree programme with a broad-based and flexible curriculum that integrates theory with industrial ... Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Robotics with a Second Major in Society & Urban Systems The Bachelor of Engineering in Robotics (B.Eng. in Robotics) at Nanyang Technological University (NTU) is a cutting-edge programme designed to equip students ... Engineering | Interdisciplinary | Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering Science with Double Major in Process Engineering and Synthetic Chemistry This programme merges Synthetic Chemistry and Process Engineering, offering a comprehensive grasp of chemical processes from molecular to industrial scales ... Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Environmental Engineering with Second Major in Sustainability At NTU-CEE, you will be equipped with the knowledge and skills to advance sustainable practices in environmental engineering, ensuring healthier environments ... Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Civil Engineering with Second Major in Sustainability Today’s Civil Engineers contribute to the liveability and sustainability of our environment. Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biological Chemistry with Second Major in Sustainability An interdisciplinary programme designed to train chemistry majors in soft skills and knowledge in sustainability. Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering with a Second Major in Society & Urban Systems The Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering with a Second Major in Society & Urban Systems integrates strong engineering fundamentals with interdisciplinary ... Computing | Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Environmental Engineering with Second Major in Data Analytics The programme equips Environmental Engineering students with technical competency to integrate applications with data analytics. Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Environmental Engineering with Second Major in Entrepreneurship The programme provides Environmental Engineering students with entrepreneurship competency and broaden their understanding in enterprise and innovation. Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical & Electronic Engineering with Second Major in Society and Urban Systems The Bachelor of Engineering programme is a professional degree programme with a broad-based and flexible curriculum that integrates theory with industrial ... Engineering | Sustainability Double Degree in Bachelor of Engineering in Environmental Engineering and Bachelor of Social Science in Economics This programme provides education in both Environmental Engineering and Economics, and graduates will be equipped with interdisciplinary proficiencies ... Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Environmental Engineering with Second Major in Society & Urban Systems The programme equips Environmental Engineering students with socio-economic and environmental perspectives to prepare them for additional career pathways ... Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Environmental Engineering with Second Major in Business The programme provides Environmental Engineering students with additional business perspectives to enhance students’ proficiency in business management. Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Civil Engineering with Second Major in Society & Urban Systems The programme equips Civil Engineering students with socio-economic and environmental perspectives to prepare them for additional career pathways related ... Engineering | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Environmental Engineering The programme provides a unique engineering education that prepares students to address the challenges of infrastructure development and sustainability ... Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biological Chemistry with Second Major in Environmental Science An interdisciplinary programme combining an education in general Chemistry with its special applications to the Earth Sciences and Environmental Management. Bachelor of Science Degrees Engineering | Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering with Second Major in Sustainability Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, NTU, Sustainability, CCEB Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Science in Biological Sciences with Second Major in Future Foods This programme is to provide students with the foundation and practical tools for understanding the concepts of food sustainability and applying them to ... Engineering | Interdisciplinary | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering in Bioengineering with Second Major in Sustainability Bioengineering, Sustainability, NTU Computing | Sustainability Bachelor of Computing (Hons) in Computer Science with a Second Major in Sustainability This interdisciplinary degree equips students with strong technical foundations in computer science while deepening their understanding of global sustainability ... Engineering | Interdisciplinary | Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Engineering Science with Double Major in Process Engineering and Synthetic Chemistry This programme merges Synthetic Chemistry and Process Engineering, offering a comprehensive grasp of chemical processes from molecular to industrial scales ... Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biological Chemistry with Second Major in Sustainability An interdisciplinary programme designed to train chemistry majors in soft skills and knowledge in sustainability. Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Science in Environmental Earth Systems Science with Second Major in Entrepreneurship By understanding how our environment, economy and society interact, applying this to technological innovation and communicating readily with decision makers, ... Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Science in Environmental Earth Systems Science with Second Major in Sustainability By understanding how our environment, economy and society interact, applying this to technological innovation and communicating readily with decision makers, ... Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Science in Environmental Earth Systems Science with Second Major in Data Analytics Students will build a strong background in EESS and statistics, algorithms, and data analytics. Our students will stay competitive, with the ability to ... Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Science in Biological Sciences with Second Major in Food Science and Technology This programme is for students with an interest in biology and wish to gain further understanding on food processes through an engineering and industrial ... Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Science in Environmental Earth Systems Science and Public Policy and Global Affairs Students admitted to this multidisciplinary course will develop a strong background in quantitative environmental earth systems science and communication, ... Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Science in Environmental Earth Systems Science This undergraduate regardless of specialisation, students in the programme will gain a strong background in supporting mathematics and science subjects, ... Science | Sustainability Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Biological Chemistry with Second Major in Environmental Science An interdisciplinary programme combining an education in general Chemistry with its special applications to the Earth Sciences and Environmental Management. Bachelor of Business Degrees Business | Interdisciplinary | Sustainability Accountancy for Future Leaders - Bachelor of Accountancy (Sustainability Management and Analytics) Integrates sustainability, analytics, and 30-week internship with premier ATO employers of ACRA. Gain real-world experience and accelerated path to a Chartered ... Business | Sustainability Bachelor of Business with Second Major in Sustainability Learn and understand various sustainability concepts and issues so as to enhance students' perspectives in business management and create innovative business ... Business | Sustainability Bachelor of Accountancy with Second Major in Sustainability Learn and understand various sustainability concepts and issues so as to enhance students' perspectives in business management and create innovative business ... Bachelor of Arts Degrees Education Bachelor of Arts in Geography and Education The National Institute of Education (NIE) ensures that our undergraduates are equipped with high-quality skills, knowledge and values that will mould them ... Education Bachelor of Arts in Art and Education The National Institute of Education (NIE) ensures that our undergraduates are equipped with high-quality skills, knowledge and values that will mould them ... Second Major in Sustainability Second Major in Society and Urban Systems (Open to Civil Engineering, Electrical & Electronic Engineering, Environmental Engineering, and Mechanical Engineering) Minor in Environmental Sustainability Minor in Sustainable Urban Planning Minor in Environmental Management Minor in Environmental Humanities Minor in Science, Technology and Society Minor in Science of Learning Minor in Chemistry and Biological Chemistry