Turing AI Scholars Programme | NTU Honours College | NTU Singapore NTU’s new cutting-edge Turing AI Scholars Programme (TAISP) aims to cultivate the talents of exceptionally gifted students who are eager to push the boundaries of AI research and create groundbreaking solutions that can make a positive impact on the world. The programme is named after Alan Turing who is renowned for his groundbreaking contributions to the fields of mathematics, logic, computer science, and artificial intelligence. Turing is also the creator of the imitation game or the Turing Test which pits the human brain against machine intelligence. The test involves a conversation between a human judge, a machine and another human respondent, where the machine's goal is to convince the judge that it is the human. Turing AI Scholars Programme Discover the Turing AI Scholars Programme – your gateway to an exciting world of AI exploration. This Signature Programme supports exceptionally talented individuals in advancing AI research and creating cutting-edge solutions that make the world a better place. If you're a student in Computer Science, Data Science, AI, or AI and Society, TAISP is designed for you. As a Turing AI scholar, you will receive one-on-one mentoring from AI specialists, conduct research under the guidance of a distinguished AI professor. Spend a year overseas as you study and work at prestigious institutions in academia and industry. The Turing AI Scholars Programme also includes six masterclasses, each taught by a world-renowned AI researcher or practitioner from a renowned university or company. Upon completing the programme, graduates will have diverse career options in the AI domain. From developing cutting-edge AI technologies for enterprises and government agencies and ministries to founding AI startups and leading initiatives to drive AI adoption across Singapore and regional economies – the possibilities are endless. Join us on this exciting journey and let’s shape the future of AI together. Programme highlights Turing AI Scholars Programme Find out more Masterclasses by world-leading AI professors One-on-one mentorship by top AI faculty Overseas work-study exposure Full scholarship including living allowance Contact us Accept now