Undergraduate Housing Application Schedule | NTU Singapore &ltDialog title goes here&gt &ltDialog description or question goes here&gt I accept I refuse --> Privacy Notice This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. By continuing, you are agreeing to the use of cookies on your device as described in our privacy policy . Close I refuse --> Toggle notification Toggle search Toggle menu About Us Back Back About Us The Chancellery Back The Chancellery President Tharman Shanmugaratnam Mr S. Chandra Das Ms Jennie Chua Dr Chua Thian Poh Prof Yaacob bin Ibrahim Board of Trustees University Leadership Provost Office's Appointment Holders Our History Facts &amp; Figures Back Facts &amp; Figures University Rankings (World / Asia) NTU at a Glance Enrolment by College Research Grants / Revenue Faculty and Staff Population Undergraduate Population Graduate Student Population Graduate Output - First Degree &amp; Higher Degree Careers Annual Reports Global Back Global Networks &amp; Alliances Global Partnerships For Students Visit Us Sustainability Back Sustainability Our Commitment Back Our Commitment Governance&nbsp; Social Impact Sustainability Education Back Sustainability Education Undergraduate Programmes Postgraduate Programmes Continuing Education CIFAL Sustainability Research Green Campus Back Green Campus Sustainable Campus and Infrastructure&nbsp; Living Labs Student Groups News and Publications About Us Back About Us Meet Our Team&nbsp; Giving to NTU&nbsp; For Investors NTU2030 Visiting NTU Back Visiting NTU Campus Bus Shuttle Barrier-Free Smart Car Park System Car Park Information Services Back Services Electric Vehicle (EV) Charging NETS Top-up Machines Car-sharing NTU Campus Magazine – HEY! Admissions Back Back Admissions Undergraduate Back Undergraduate Admission Guide Back Admission Guide Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level Diploma awarded by a Polytechnic or equivalent institution in Singapore International Baccalaureate Diploma NUS High School Diploma International Qualifications Part Time Programmes Adult Learners Scheme Aptitude-Based Admissions Transfer Applicants Scholarships and Awards Back Scholarships and Awards FAQs on scholarships Financial Matters Back Financial Matters Tuition Fees Tuition Grants Miscellaneous Fees Financial Aid Brochures Indicative Grade Profile (IGP) For Returning NSmen Contact Us Freshmen Portal Graduate Back Graduate Research Programmes Admission Guide Coursework Programmes Admission Guide Graduate Programmes (Coursework) Back Graduate Programmes (Coursework) Articles Joint-Graduate Programmes Incoming Graduate Student Guide Financial Matters Back Financial Matters Scholarships Tuition Fees Service Obligation Financial Aid NTU Post-graduate Incentives Brochures Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Continuing Education &amp; Training Education Back Back Education Colleges and Schools Back Colleges and Schools College of Business (Nanyang Business School) College of Computing and Data Science College of Engineering Back College of Engineering School of Chemistry, Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology (CCEB) School of Civil and Environmental Engineering (CEE) School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering (EEE) School of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering (MAE) School of Materials Science and Engineering (MSE) College of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences Back College of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences School of Art, Design and Media (ADM) School of Humanities (SOH) School of Social Sciences (SSS) Wee Kim Wee School of Communication and Information (WKWSCI) Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine College of Science Back College of Science School of Chemistry, Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology (CCEB) School of Biological Sciences (SBS) School of Physical and Mathematical Sciences (SPMS) The Asian School of the Environment (ASE) NTU Honours College National Institute of Education S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies Degree Programmes Pedagogical Excellence Back Pedagogical Excellence Interdisciplinary Collaborative Core Back Interdisciplinary Collaborative Core About ICC Office Courses Frequently Asked Questions Awards &amp; Achievements In the News ICC Excellence Awards Student Awards Experiential &amp; Collaborative Learning (ECL) Back Experiential &amp; Collaborative Learning (ECL) ECL in the Curricular Space ECL in the Co-Curricular Space Fusing the Curricular &amp; Co-Curricular Spaces Deeper Experiential Engagement Project (DEEP) Applications of Teaching &amp; Learning Analytics for Students (ATLAS) Back Applications of Teaching &amp; Learning Analytics for Students (ATLAS) ATLAS Key Projects ATLAS Data Infrastructure ATLAS Publications ATLAS Office Centre for Teaching, Learning &amp; Pedagogy (CTLP) Back Centre for Teaching, Learning &amp; Pedagogy (CTLP) About CTLP Teaching &amp; Learning Matters Education Research &amp; Grants Events &amp; Faculty Engagement Development Programmes &amp; Pathways Other Resources Teaching Excellence Academy (TEA) Back Teaching Excellence Academy (TEA) About the Academy Nanyang Education Award Recipients Academy Fellows TEA Governance, Events &amp; Initiatives NEA Overview &amp; Nomination Process Career Guidance, Jobs and Internships Back Career Guidance, Jobs and Internships For Students Back For Students Career Coaching &amp; Consultation Career Planning Tools Industry Exposure &amp; Internships Job Opportunities &amp; Fairs Skills Development For Employers Back For Employers Nurture Future Talent at NTU Recruit NTU Students for Jobs Hire NTU Students as Interns For Alumni and Mentors Back For Alumni and Mentors Share through Mentorship Global Education Back Global Education Exchange Programmes Back Exchange Programmes GEM Explorer (Semester Exchange) GEM Trailblazer (Semester Exchange) Short-Term Programmes Back Short-Term Programmes GEM Discoverer (Short-Term Programmes) GEM Trailblazer Summer (Short-term Programme) GEM Discoverer ASEAN Summer (Short-term Programme) Virtual Education Back Virtual Education GEM VEnturer (Virtual Education) Visiting &amp; Research Opportunities Back Visiting &amp; Research Opportunities Visiting Research Students (Non-Graduating Non-Exchange) NTU Welcomes Indonesian International Student Mobility Awardees Important Information Back Important Information Travel Safety and Security&nbsp; Contact Us NTU Opportunity Grant (NOG) Accessible Education Support Back Accessible Education Support Academic Support Non-Academic Services Special Educational Needs (SEN) Funding Support Talent Outreach (Pre-Uni) Back Talent Outreach (Pre-Uni) Bridging@NTU H3 Science Research H3 Taught Module Nanyang Research Programme (NRP) Nanyang Research Programme Junior Researcher (NRPjr) seeNTU NTU Library Academic Services Back Academic Services Graduation Matters Certification Letters Transcripts Verification of Degrees Mailing of Degree Certificates Replacement of Degree Certificate OpenCerts Digital Certificates and Transcripts Research Back Back Research Research Focus Research Institutes and Centres Industry Collaborations Research Hub Integrity &amp; Ethics Research Careers Innovation Back Back Innovation NTU Tech Portal Programmes Grants and Funding News and Events Resources Back Resources Playbooks and Guides Facilities and Spaces NTU Founder's Pledge Contact Us Life at NTU Back Back Life at NTU Accommodation Back Accommodation Undergraduate Housing Back Undergraduate Housing How to apply Moving In Contact Us Graduate Housing Back Graduate Housing Contact Us Hall Facilities Frequently Asked Questions Residential Mentors Faculty-in-Residence Faculty Housing Back Faculty Housing Campus Living Contact Us Nanyang Executive Centre Alternative Housing Options Internet, Account and Policy Back Internet, Account and Policy Contact Service Desk Student Life Back Student Life Academic and Career Development Back Academic and Career Development Work Study Scheme Student Talent Development Programme&nbsp;(STDP) Student Awards Personal Development and Leadership Back Personal Development and Leadership Student Leadership Development Student Conduct Campus Life and Wellbeing Back Campus Life and Wellbeing Residential Education NTU Wellbeing The Reading Corner Student Activities and Engagement Back Student Activities and Engagement Clubs &amp; Societies Sports Community Engagement Inclusion and Integration Student Services Back Student Services One Stop @ SAC Leisure &amp; Dining Back Leisure &amp; Dining Campus Clubhouse Leasing Opportunities F&amp;B, Retail &amp; Services NTU@one-north Back NTU@one-north Executive Centre Recreational Spaces &amp; Facilities Back Recreational Spaces &amp; Facilities Yunnan Corner Global Lounge Nanyang House Student Activities Centre Sports &amp; Recreation Centre Back Sports &amp; Recreation Centre Operating Hours, Eligibility &amp; Usage Lockers Group Booking of Facilities&nbsp; Contact Us Type of Sports Facilities Nanyang Auditorium Back Nanyang Auditorium Terms &amp; Conditions Rates Floor Plans Fact Sheet Health and Safety Back Health and Safety Services Back Services Health Care – Clinical Services and Insurance&nbsp; Programmes and Services NTU Safety &amp; Health Management System (SHMS) Standard for Schools, Departments and Centres&nbsp; Culture Safe Insights @ NTU&nbsp; Policies Back Policies NTU Safety &amp; Health Policy Prohibition of Smoking, Specified Tobacco Products and Vaporisers Policy&nbsp; Advisory on Vaping and E-vaporisers Resources / Helplines Events Back Events Safety Events Collaborations and Visits 13th Asian Conference on Safety &amp; Education in Laboratory (ACSEL) Awards and Accolades Career Opportunities Annual NTU Safety &amp; Health Reports AI-Enabled University Safety &amp; Health Programmes NTU Sports Safety Programme&nbsp; The Singapore WSH Conference 2026 MRT Construction on Campus Back MRT Construction on Campus Latest Updates MRT Stations &amp; Work Sites at NTU FAQs Feedback Museum Back Museum Exhibitions Collection Back Collection All Artworks News Campus Art Trail West Side Art Tour Free Digital Guide NTU Campus Reimagined Alumni Search Corporate NTU Life at NTU Life at NTU About Us Admissions Education Research Innovation Alumni Accommodation Accommodation Internet, Account and Policy Student Life Leisure &amp; Dining Recreational Spaces &amp; Facilities Health and Safety MRT Construction on Campus Museum NTU Campus Reimagined Undergraduate Housing Undergraduate Housing Graduate Housing Hall Facilities Frequently Asked Questions Residential Mentors Faculty-in-Residence Faculty Housing Nanyang Executive Centre Alternative Housing Options How to apply How to apply Moving In Contact Us How to apply How to apply Moving In Contact Us How to apply Undergraduate Freshmen Hall Application for Academic Year 2026/27 Eligibility &amp; Key Dates* &nbsp; | NTU | NIE . Eligibility | All full-time NTU undergraduates matriculating in AY2026/27, including students from: NIE’s Sports Science &amp; Management programme Double Major Programme - Bachelor of Arts (Academic Discipline &amp; Education) and Bachelor of Science (Academic Discipline &amp; Education) Direct entry to Year 2 of Bachelor of Arts | Full-time NIE student-teachers matriculating in AY2026/27, who are from the following programmes:&nbsp; Diploma in Education Diploma in School Counselling Diploma in Special Education (Special Education Needs Officer) Postgraduate Diploma in Education . Application Period | 2 June 2026, 9am -&nbsp; 22 June 2026, 5pm&nbsp; How to apply | 16 July 2026, 9 am -&nbsp; 22 July 2026, 5 pm Click here&nbsp; to apply . Release of Outcome | Progressively notified from&nbsp; 8 July 2026 onwards | Progressively notified from&nbsp; 31 July 2026 onwards . Accepting your hall offer | When you accept your hall offer, you will be required to pay the Hall Acceptance Fee – an advance payment of two months’ hall rental fees, depending on your hall and room type.&nbsp; Recipients of the NTU Opportunity Grant (NOG) may use the grant to pay this fee. If sufficient grant funds are available, simply accept the hall offer. Please reach out to Ask Campus Housing if you have any questions. . * Unless otherwise stated, dates and times are in the Singapore time zone (SGT)&nbsp; and fees are in Singapore dollars (SGD). Important Notes Important Notes: To apply, you must accept your offer of admission online and activate your NTU Network Account ( username@e.ntu.edu.sg ). You will only be able to apply for hall accommodation at least 2 days after you have activated your NTU Network Account. NIE freshmen must be e-matriculated before they can activate their NTU Network Account. A hall application fee of $27.25 (inclusive of prevailing GST) must be paid through the Student Housing Portal before the submitted application is considered complete and valid. The hall application fee is non-refundable. Applications are not processed on a first-come, first-served basis.&nbsp; Late applications will not be accepted.&nbsp; Applicants may indicate a preferred room type when applying for hall stay, and the assignment of hall and room type is subject to availability. For double room applicants: You may indicate a preferred roommate. This could be a: Freshman: &nbsp;You may only apply to stay with a freshman of the same gender. Both of you must submit separate applications in the Student Housing Portal. Once both applications are started, search for your preferred roommate in the Portal and form a roommate group.&nbsp; Senior sibling: &nbsp;You may only apply to stay with your sibling of the same gender. Your sibling must first be successful in their hall application before your roommate request can be considered. If you are successfully offered a place in hall, you will be allocated to the Hall and room type chosen by the senior student. All roommate requests are subject to room availability and are not guaranteed. &nbsp; For further questions, please refer to our FAQs .&nbsp;&nbsp; If your query is not addressed there, reach us via the Lyon Student Housing chatbot or Ask Campus Housing . Thank you.&nbsp; NTU FRESHMEN GUIDE The freshmen guide is an information guide to assist you with the process of administrative procedures to complete your enrolment.&nbsp; Information on application for student housing can be found here. For more information, please refer to: NTU Freshmen Guide Frequently Asked Questions General FAQ: &nbsp; https://www.ntu.edu.sg/life-at-ntu/accommodation For&nbsp;enquiries&nbsp;regarding hall application, you may use our&nbsp; Lyon Student Housing chatbot &nbsp;for assistance or contact us via&nbsp; Ask Campus Housing . Thank you. &nbsp; FAQs for Freshmen Hall Application Exercise for Academic Year 2026/27 Application Process How is my application being processed? The allocation of residential hall and room is done electronically, subject to room availability and the Hall Admission Scheme . Applications are not processed on a first-come, first-served basis. &nbsp; Can I still make changes to my hall application after I have submitted it? You can make changes to your hall application before the given deadline, and the latest changes will apply. No more changes can be made once the application period has ended. &nbsp; When will I be informed of the hall and room allocation result? Successful applicants will be progressively notified starting from 8 July 2026. Applicants in these NIE programmes (Postgraduate Diploma in Education, Diploma in Education/School Counselling/ Special Education) will be progressively notified from 31 July 2026. &nbsp; &nbsp; Double Room Applications If I’m applying for a double room, can I indicate my preferred roommate? You may indicate a preferred roommate if you are applying to stay in a double room. This could be a: &nbsp; Freshman: You may only apply to stay with a freshman of the same gender . Both of you must submit separate applications in the Student Housing Portal. Once both applications are started, search for your preferred roommate in the Portal and form a roommate group.&nbsp; Senior sibling: You may only apply to stay with your sibling of the same gender . -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Your sibling must first be successful in their hall application before your roommate request can be considered. -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; If you are successfully offered a place in hall, you will be allocated to the Hall and room type chosen by the senior student. All roommate requests are subject to room availability and are not guaranteed. &nbsp; I am a student from NTU’s Premier Scholars Programmes. Can I apply to stay with a freshman not from these programmes? Students who are in the Premier Scholars Programmes (except the Renaissance Engineering Programme) can apply to stay with another freshman not from these programmes. Requests to room together are subject to availability of double rooms. If double rooms are not available, both of you will be assigned to another room type. Students in the Renaissance Engineering Programme (REP) can only apply to stay in a double room and as per their programme requirements, their intended roommate cannot be from the REP programme. I am a student with special needs, and have certain requirements for my room. Who should I contact regarding my requirements when applying for hall? . As each individual’s requirements may differ, please inform the Accessible Education Unit (email:&nbsp; aeu@ntu.edu.sg )&nbsp;once you have submitted your application via the Student Housing Portal&nbsp;, who will liaise with the Office of Campus Housing accordingly. &nbsp; Hall &amp; Room Selection Can I choose my hall and room? No, the allocation of the residential hall and room is done by electronic balloting. Subject to room availability, the balloting takes into consideration your room type preference in your application. If the requested room type is not available, you will be assigned to another room type. &nbsp; Can I specifically request to be allocated to Halls with rooms equipped with air-conditioned units? No, the allocation of the residential hall and room is done by electronic balloting. The system will assign applicants to undergraduate halls with available rooms. &nbsp; How do I pay for the use of air-conditioning ? The usage of air-conditioning is on a pay-per-use basis, via the Hall Aircon App (downloadable via the Apple Store or Google Play Store ). &nbsp; MRT Construction Are any hall blocks affected by the MRT construction on campus? Certain hall blocks located along Nanyang Avenue, including Hall 8 (Blk 41 and 44), Hall 9 (Blk 48), Hall 10 (Blk 49), Hall 11 (Blk 53 and 56), and Binjai Hall (Blk 19A), may be affected by the Jurong Region Line MRT construction works. The works will take place both in the day and night, which may potentially affect noise levels in the vicinity. The Land Transport Authority (LTA) has implemented measures to minimise inconvenience to residents, such as erecting temporary sound barriers and informing residents in advance of the works that are being carried out. Students who plan to apply for a hall place in this vicinity are advised to refer to the MRT Construction on Campus website &nbsp;for details and updates, before submitting their hall application. Financial Matters What is the hall fee billing schedule? Hall fees are billed on semester basis. The following is an overview of hall fees collection: &nbsp;Date | Hall Fees Collection . Upon receiving the housing offer in July 2026 | Payment for Hall Acceptance Fee – an advance payment of two months’ rental fees, upon offer acceptance. &nbsp; Recipients of the NTU Opportunity Grant (NOG) may use the grant to pay this fee, if sufficient grant funds are available. Please reach out to Ask Campus Housing if you have any questions. . After check-in. Bill issued in September 2026 | Payment of Semester 1 rental fees -&nbsp; &nbsp; If staying for Semester 1 only : The bill will cover the period of stay from check-in until 11 December 2026. -&nbsp; &nbsp; If staying for the full Academic Year : The bill will cover the period of stay from check-in until 31 December 2026. -&nbsp; &nbsp; Your September bill will show the Hall Acceptance Fee already paid and the remaining balance due . Will hall fees change, and why are they reviewed periodically? Hall fees are reviewed periodically to ensure NTU can maintain a high standard of campus housing. Like all organisations, the University faces increasing operating costs, and these reviews allow us to manage those costs sustainably. &nbsp;NTU subsidises hall costs for our students. If any fee adjustments are made, students will be informed at least one academic year in advance to help them plan their finances. Please check the&nbsp; Hall Rental Fees page for the latest rates. &nbsp; Are there financial assistance schemes available? &nbsp;Financial support is available to eligible students who need help with their living costs. Please refer to the various financial assistance schemes for more information. If you are facing financial challenges, please speak with your School’s Associate Chair (Students) . Alternatively, you may write to OCH via Ask Campus Housing to apply for an instalment plan or seek help through the&nbsp; NTU Priorities Fund . &nbsp; - End - For&nbsp;any further queries, please use our Lyon Student Housing chatbot or contact us via Ask Campus Housing . &nbsp; &nbsp; Nanyang Technological University 50 Nanyang Avenue, Singapore 639798 Tel: (65) 67911744 National Institute of Education 1 Nanyang Walk, Singapore 637616 Novena Campus 11 Mandalay Road, Singapore 308232 Tel: (65) 65138572 Quick links Board of Trustees 中文 NTU Library Suppliers Staff Intranet Student Intranet Give to NTU Get in touch Visiting NTU Careers A-Z Directory Contact Us Connect with us Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn YouTube TikTok © 2026 Nanyang Technological University Equality, Diversity and Inclusion &nbsp; |&nbsp;&nbsp; Legal