Undergraduate Freshmen Hall Application for Academic Year 2026/27 Eligibility & Key Dates* NTU | NIE . Eligibility | All full-time NTU undergraduates matriculating in AY2026/27, including students from: NIE’s Sports Science & Management programme Double Major Programme - Bachelor of Arts (Academic Discipline & Education) and Bachelor of Science (Academic Discipline & Education) Direct entry to Year 2 of Bachelor of Arts | Full-time NIE student-teachers matriculating in AY2026/27, who are from the following programmes: Diploma in Education Diploma in School Counselling Diploma in Special Education (Special Education Needs Officer) Postgraduate Diploma in Education . Application Period | 2 June 2026, 9am - 22 June 2026, 5pm How to apply | 16 July 2026, 9 am - 22 July 2026, 5 pm Click here to apply . Release of Outcome | Progressively notified from 8 July 2026 onwards | Progressively notified from 31 July 2026 onwards . Accepting your hall offer | When you accept your hall offer, you will be required to pay the Hall Acceptance Fee – an advance payment of two months’ hall rental fees, depending on your hall and room type. Recipients of the NTU Opportunity Grant (NOG) may use the grant to pay this fee. If sufficient grant funds are available, simply accept the hall offer. Please reach out to Ask Campus Housing if you have any questions. . * Unless otherwise stated, dates and times are in the Singapore time zone (SGT) and fees are in Singapore dollars (SGD). Important Notes Important Notes: To apply, you must accept your offer of admission online and activate your NTU Network Account ( username@e.ntu.edu.sg ). You will only be able to apply for hall accommodation at least 2 days after you have activated your NTU Network Account. NIE freshmen must be e-matriculated before they can activate their NTU Network Account. A hall application fee of $27.25 (inclusive of prevailing GST) must be paid through the Student Housing Portal before the submitted application is considered complete and valid. The hall application fee is non-refundable. Applications are not processed on a first-come, first-served basis. Late applications will not be accepted. Applicants may indicate a preferred room type when applying for hall stay, and the assignment of hall and room type is subject to availability. For double room applicants: You may indicate a preferred roommate. This could be a: Freshman: You may only apply to stay with a freshman of the same gender. Both of you must submit separate applications in the Student Housing Portal. Once both applications are started, search for your preferred roommate in the Portal and form a roommate group. Senior sibling: You may only apply to stay with your sibling of the same gender. Your sibling must first be successful in their hall application before your roommate request can be considered. If you are successfully offered a place in hall, you will be allocated to the Hall and room type chosen by the senior student. All roommate requests are subject to room availability and are not guaranteed. For further questions, please refer to our FAQs . If your query is not addressed there, reach us via the Lyon Student Housing chatbot or Ask Campus Housing . Thank you. NTU FRESHMEN GUIDE The freshmen guide is an information guide to assist you with the process of administrative procedures to complete your enrolment. Information on application for student housing can be found here. For more information, please refer to: NTU Freshmen Guide Frequently Asked Questions General FAQ: https://www.ntu.edu.sg/life-at-ntu/accommodation For enquiries regarding hall application, you may use our Lyon Student Housing chatbot for assistance or contact us via Ask Campus Housing . Thank you. FAQs for Freshmen Hall Application Exercise for Academic Year 2026/27 Application Process How is my application being processed? The allocation of residential hall and room is done electronically, subject to room availability and the Hall Admission Scheme . Applications are not processed on a first-come, first-served basis. Can I still make changes to my hall application after I have submitted it? You can make changes to your hall application before the given deadline, and the latest changes will apply. No more changes can be made once the application period has ended. When will I be informed of the hall and room allocation result? Successful applicants will be progressively notified starting from 8 July 2026. Applicants in these NIE programmes (Postgraduate Diploma in Education, Diploma in Education/School Counselling/ Special Education) will be progressively notified from 31 July 2026. Double Room Applications If I’m applying for a double room, can I indicate my preferred roommate? You may indicate a preferred roommate if you are applying to stay in a double room. This could be a: Freshman: You may only apply to stay with a freshman of the same gender . Both of you must submit separate applications in the Student Housing Portal. Once both applications are started, search for your preferred roommate in the Portal and form a roommate group. Senior sibling: You may only apply to stay with your sibling of the same gender . - Your sibling must first be successful in their hall application before your roommate request can be considered. - If you are successfully offered a place in hall, you will be allocated to the Hall and room type chosen by the senior student. All roommate requests are subject to room availability and are not guaranteed. I am a student from NTU’s Premier Scholars Programmes. Can I apply to stay with a freshman not from these programmes? Students who are in the Premier Scholars Programmes (except the Renaissance Engineering Programme) can apply to stay with another freshman not from these programmes. Requests to room together are subject to availability of double rooms. If double rooms are not available, both of you will be assigned to another room type. Students in the Renaissance Engineering Programme (REP) can only apply to stay in a double room and as per their programme requirements, their intended roommate cannot be from the REP programme. I am a student with special needs, and have certain requirements for my room. Who should I contact regarding my requirements when applying for hall? . As each individual’s requirements may differ, please inform the Accessible Education Unit (email: aeu@ntu.edu.sg ) once you have submitted your application via the Student Housing Portal , who will liaise with the Office of Campus Housing accordingly. Hall & Room Selection Can I choose my hall and room? No, the allocation of the residential hall and room is done by electronic balloting. Subject to room availability, the balloting takes into consideration your room type preference in your application. If the requested room type is not available, you will be assigned to another room type. Can I specifically request to be allocated to Halls with rooms equipped with air-conditioned units? No, the allocation of the residential hall and room is done by electronic balloting. The system will assign applicants to undergraduate halls with available rooms. How do I pay for the use of air-conditioning ? The usage of air-conditioning is on a pay-per-use basis, via the Hall Aircon App (downloadable via the Apple Store or Google Play Store ). MRT Construction Are any hall blocks affected by the MRT construction on campus? Certain hall blocks located along Nanyang Avenue, including Hall 8 (Blk 41 and 44), Hall 9 (Blk 48), Hall 10 (Blk 49), Hall 11 (Blk 53 and 56), and Binjai Hall (Blk 19A), may be affected by the Jurong Region Line MRT construction works. The works will take place both in the day and night, which may potentially affect noise levels in the vicinity. The Land Transport Authority (LTA) has implemented measures to minimise inconvenience to residents, such as erecting temporary sound barriers and informing residents in advance of the works that are being carried out. Students who plan to apply for a hall place in this vicinity are advised to refer to the MRT Construction on Campus website for details and updates, before submitting their hall application. Financial Matters What is the hall fee billing schedule? Hall fees are billed on semester basis. The following is an overview of hall fees collection: Date | Hall Fees Collection . Upon receiving the housing offer in July 2026 | Payment for Hall Acceptance Fee – an advance payment of two months’ rental fees, upon offer acceptance. Recipients of the NTU Opportunity Grant (NOG) may use the grant to pay this fee, if sufficient grant funds are available. Please reach out to Ask Campus Housing if you have any questions. . After check-in. Bill issued in September 2026 | Payment of Semester 1 rental fees - If staying for Semester 1 only : The bill will cover the period of stay from check-in until 11 December 2026. - If staying for the full Academic Year : The bill will cover the period of stay from check-in until 31 December 2026. - Your September bill will show the Hall Acceptance Fee already paid and the remaining balance due . Will hall fees change, and why are they reviewed periodically? Hall fees are reviewed periodically to ensure NTU can maintain a high standard of campus housing. Like all organisations, the University faces increasing operating costs, and these reviews allow us to manage those costs sustainably. NTU subsidises hall costs for our students. If any fee adjustments are made, students will be informed at least one academic year in advance to help them plan their finances. Please check the Hall Rental Fees page for the latest rates. Are there financial assistance schemes available? Financial support is available to eligible students who need help with their living costs. Please refer to the various financial assistance schemes for more information. If you are facing financial challenges, please speak with your School’s Associate Chair (Students) . Alternatively, you may write to OCH via Ask Campus Housing to apply for an instalment plan or seek help through the NTU Priorities Fund . - End - For any further queries, please use our Lyon Student Housing chatbot or contact us via Ask Campus Housing .