Financial Aid | NTU Singapore We're here for you If you’re facing financial difficulties, NTU is here to support you. That way, you can focus on your studies and make the most of your university experience, without the stress of financial worries. Find out which financial assistance schemes can help you with your University expenses below. Everyone’s personal circumstances will look different. Reach out to your Associate Chair (Students) to learn about financial aid options available based on your circumstances, or the Financial Aid Office for clarification on the various financial aid schemes and the application processes. From AY24/25, all undergraduate bursary recipients from the two lowest income tiers will have their tuition fees fully subsidised, as part of NTU’s commitment to supporting students through their University journey. Click here to read more. Calculate Your Financial Aid List of Associate Chairs (Students) Contact Financial Aid Office Financial Aid Application Portal For Students Pursuing A Full-time Programme For paying tuition fees | For financing part of your tuition fees and/or living expenses | For miscellaneous school expenses . Singaporean & Singapore Permanent Resident | Tuition Fee Loan Scheme Central Provident Fund (CPF) Education Loan Scheme Study Loan Mendaki Tertiary Tuition Fee Subsidy (TTFS) Post Secondary Education Account (PSEA) and SkillsFuture Credit | Bursaries MOE Study Loan Higher Education Student Loan (HESL) | Overseas Study / Exchange / Attachment Programme Student Loan (Laptop/Mobile Phone) Emergency Grant and Urgent Needs NTU Opportunity Grant . International | Tuition Fee Loan Scheme MOE Study Loan Higher Education Student Loan (HESL) | MOE Study Loan Bursaries | Overseas Study / Exchange / Attachment Programme Student Loan (Laptop/Mobile Phone) Emergency Grant and Urgent Needs For Students Pursuing A Part-time Programme For paying tuition fees | For defraying living expenses . Singaporean | Tuition Fee Loan Scheme MOE Study Loan Post Secondary Education Account (PSEA) and SkillsFuture Credit | Higher Education Bursary Which financial loan is suitable for you? Learn the basics of loans with this guide . Application Dates Bursaries AY26/27 (Tentative - to be confirmed) Mendaki TTFS (AY26/27, Sem 1) CPF Education Loan and PSEA (AY26/27, Sem 1) Student Loan and Emergency Grant Previous Inspiring change: How you can light the way for others This valedictorian turns gratitude into generosity From a cancer survivor to an aspiring meteorologist A circle of support Bursaries open new doors for the Ng siblings Gifts that soothe the soul Next 1 2 3 4 Scholarships and Awards NTU offers a variety of scholarships to new and current students pursuing their full-time undergraduate studies based on academic merit & good co-curricular records. Tuition Grants Subsidised tuition fees to support your education journey. Tuition Fees More on tuition fees for part-time and full-time programmes. Miscellaneous Fees Fees to help to meet part of the costs of providing insurance, student programmes and other academic-related services.