Scholarships and Awards | NTU Singapore 1 2 3 Guide to Scholarship Application for Freshmen With over 100 Scholarships available, we recognise that applicants may find it challenging to distinguish between the different awards and their respective benefits. To simplify the process, we have streamlined our offerings into three broad categories: Merit-based, Need-based, and Talent-based scholarships. Merit-Based Scholarships - Recognising academic excellence Need-Based Scholarships - Alleviating financial barriers to education. Talent-Based Scholarships - Celebrating outstanding non-academic achievements Watch the Guide to Scholarship Application video to find out more. Scholarships and Awards for Freshmen Find out more about Freshmen Scholarships and Awards for Singapore and non-Singapore citizens & whether you are eligible to apply. Scholarships and Awards for Current Undergraduates Find out more about scholarships and awards by NTU and external organisations and whether you are eligible to apply. Hear from our Scholars Discover how Kaz benefits from the Renaissance Engineering Programme Scholarship through financial support, interdisciplinary learning, and secured campus housing. See how Genevieve maximized her potential with the NTU–University Scholars Programme Scholarship, benefiting from a supportive community and unique global opportunities. Jayna shares how the CN Yang Scholarship empowers her through immersive research, leadership roles, and global exchange opportunities. Hear how the NBS Global Leaders Programme Scholarship shaped Enoch’s studies and opened exciting career pathways. Timothy revales how the Turing AI Scholars Programme connects him with mentors, industry networks, and a supportive community for growth. Learn how the NTU Talent Scholarship supports Filzah’s dual success in competitive fencing and academic life. Discover how the Nanyang Global Scholarship fuels Jashan’s interdisciplinary learning, leadership growth, and tech-for-good initiatives. Frequently Asked Questions For FAQ, click here . For scholarship matters and enquiries, please submit using the “Enquire Here” button. Enquire Here