ACCEPT NOW CHECK STATUS APPLY NOW APPEAL General Requirements You are offering the International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma awarded by the International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO). All Singapore Citizen and Permanent Resident applicants as well as foreign students from Anglo-Chinese School (Independent), School of The Arts Singapore (SOTA), St Joseph’s Institution and Singapore Sports School (SSP) must be at least 18 years of age as of 1st January of the year of matriculation or have completed a minimum of 12 years of formal education beginning with Primary 1 or equivalent. If you do not meet the requirements, you will need to provide your schooling history from Primary 1 in the form enclosed and upload it to your application for assessment of your eligibility for admission after you have applied for admission. Students sitting for the upcoming May 2026 IB exam may submit their applications (except for Medicine, Arts (Academic Discipline & Education), and Science (Academic Discipline & Education) programmes) before closing date on 15 March 2026 and provide the actual IB results upon release in July. Important: Mandatory granting access of official transcript via International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO) to receive outcome of application: Students applying for admissions to NTU Singapore are REQUIRED to grant NTU direct access to their official transcripts via IBO, latest by the NTU application closing date of 15 March 2026 (for students taking the October/November 2025 exam session or earlier) or before July 2026 (for students taking the May 2026 exam session). Failing which, the application will be deemed incomplete and not processed further. Students are strongly advised to do so before their IB results are released in January or July (depending on the exam session), by submitting their transcript requests through their schools' IB coordinators. After the results are released, each request will incur a processing fee and must be submitted directly to IBO via the “IBO request for results service” link. Please note students who opt to retake exam papers must re-grant access. Minimum Subject Requirements To be eligible for a programme, students must satisfy its minimum subject requirements for International Baccalaureate Diploma holders . Note: For programmes requiring Mathematics as a prerequisite, both Mathematics: Analysis and Approaches (MAA) and Mathematics: Applications and Interpretation (MAI) are acceptable. Mother Tongue Language (MTL) Requirement for Singapore Citizens and Permanent Residents All Singapore Citizens and Permanent Residents applying for admissions must fulfil any one of the following minimum requirements under MOE mother tongue policy : a grade D7 for Higher MTL at Singapore-Cambridge GCE O-Level; a pass in MTL 'B' or a grade S for H1 MTL or H2 MTL Language and Literature or General Studies in Chinese at Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level, or an MOE-approved MTL-in-lieu*; a pass in MTL Language A or Language B at Standard Level or Higher Level at IB Diploma, or MOE-approved MTL-in-lieu*; an MOE-approved MTL-exemption*. Students who have not satisfied the requirement above may still apply for admissions with no prejudice to their application. Admissions will be on a provisional basis and students are required to attain the MTL within the period of their University study. * For students who have been away from Singapore's school system for some years, the University will submit the application for MTL-in-lieu or MTL-exemption on your behalf if you are offered admissions. MOE does not accept direct applications. You will need to provide your academic transcript for the last 2 years of studies prior to university admission for MOE’s assessment. Special Medical Conditions to Note Students are advised to check the special medical conditions for selective programmes before apply. If you have a special medical condition, you need to upload a most recent of medical report at ‘ Check Status ’ page after receiving your application number. Aptitude-based Admissions (ABA) Aptitude-based Admissions (ABA) take into account students' passions, interests and strengths. Applicants with exceptional talents and/or outstanding achievements beyond schools’ co-curricular activities can be considered, subject to a minimum level of academic competence, for admissions under ABA. Learn more about Aptitude-based Admissions (ABA). Indicative Grade Profile The sample size of students with IB Diploma holders is relatively small to derive a reflective grade profile and hence not provided. How to Apply Admissions Procedures: Step 1: Submit application form Step 2: Pay application fee Step 3: Submit supporting documents Step 4: Update/Track progress of application Step 1: Submit Application Form Fill in one online application form, via Apply Now . Before clicking the Submit button, preview your completed form and save a copy for reference. Your form is submitted successfully when 1) an application number is generated and shown on the login page on screen; 2) you receive an email acknowledging your application. At Application Tracking Page, proceed to complete the list of other items required. Ensure all items listed as ‘Compulsory’ are completed. To access the same Page later, login via Check Status , using your application number and password you created during application. Applicants who wish to apply for Scholarships may do so at this stage. [Back to top] . Step 2: Pay Application Fee The application fee payable is SGD25 for international applicants, SGD15 for Singaporeans and Singapore Permanent Residents. The fee is non-refundable and payable whether your application is ultimately successful or not. Pay the application fee online by VISA/MasterCard. If you have a bank account in Singapore, you may use PayNow to make the payment. To learn more and make payment, go to Check Status link. Payment by postal order, bank draft, electronic bank transfer or Western Union money transfer is not acceptable. [Back to top] . Step 3: Submit Supporting Documents Login to Check Status and upload items at the Supporting Documents Checklist: i.Personal Identification Singapore Citizens/Permanent Residents: NRIC (front & back) Singapore Full-Time National Servicemen (NSFs): NRIC (front & back) or Singapore passport information page International applicants: passport information page ii. Academic Records School-issued IB results slip/summary; or official IB Diploma transcript & certificate Senior High School leaving/graduation certificate (if applicable) Junior High/Secondary School exam results (e.g. 'O' Level, Year 4 IP transcript, IGCSE) Mother Tongue Language documents (for Singapore Citizens and Permanent Residents only). Provide one of the following: Mother Tongue Language subject & grade; or MTL in-lieu subject & grade (along with MOE approval letter); or MOE approval letter for MTL exemption. (If you have misplaced the letter, request for a replacement from MOE Customer Service at https://www.moe.gov.sg/feedback/ ); or Transcript for the last 2 years of studies prior to university admission. International Olympiad (IO) Medal Award (if applicable) University Academic Transcript (if applicable) iii.Report/Record of Medical Condition/Special Need (if applicable) Follow the guideline below to upload to the Checklist: Scan your document in original colour and upright orientation, and save as JPG or PDF format. For a document with multiple pages, scan and save as a single file in PDF format. Your file size must not exceed 5MB. DO NOT zip or compress file. Each item can only be uploaded once. Ensure correct file is selected. Check ALL compulsory items are uploaded BEFORE clicking 'Confirm' at the end of Checklist. DO NOT further submit physical copies. Uploading of Reference or Recommendation Letter is not required. Reference letter or appraisal when needed will be an online form that requires you to forward to the person appraising you. The instructions on submission will be available at ‘Check Status’ link. You are encouraged to upload the documents immediately after applying. The latest you should upload the documents is within 3 days after application closing date. Incomplete application without required supporting documents or late submissions of documents will no longer be processed. For applicants sitting for the May 2026 IB exam: Submit your actual IB results at 'Provide Actual Results' via Check Status , within three days upon release in July. Note that it is MANDATORY to grant NTU direct access to your official transcripts via International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO) to receive the outcome of your application. Students are strongly advised to do so before their IB results are released in July, by submitting their transcript requests through their schools' IB coordinators. After the results are released, each request will incur a USD $17 fee and must be submitted directly to IBO via the “IBO request for results service” link. It will also result in a longer waiting time to receive the outcome of your application. Please note students who opt to retake exam papers must re-grant access. For Art, Design and Media (ADM) applicants only: ADM applicants must submit additional materials for assessment by 19 March 2026. Follow strictly the ADM submission requirements . For applicants sitting for the May 2026 IB exam: Application outcome is available two to three weeks after submission of actual IB results in July. No conditional offer prior to submission of actual results will be provided. [Back to top] . Step 4: Update/Track Progress of Application You are advised to check the progress of your application online. Incomplete application after deadline will not be considered. By logging on to Check Status , you can Pay application fee online via VISA/Mastercard or PayNow. Access the Checklist for submission of supporting documents C​heck your fee payment and documents submission status (in 4-5 working days) Complete online criminal records declaration(before application closes) Change your programme choice(s) (before application closes) (optional) Update your contact information (before application closes) Note: It is important to provide up-to-date contact details. For changes after closing date, please log a request by completing the enquiry form . Apply for scholarships (optional) Provide actual IB results (only if you did not provide earlier in your application) For applicants sitting for the October/November 2025 IB exam: Key in your results and upload your results slip/statement at 'Provide Actual Results', latest by 19 March 2026. For applicants sitting for the May 2026 IB exam: Key in your results and upload your results slip/statement at 'Provide Actual Results', within three days upon release in July. Note that it is MANDATORY to grant NTU direct access to your official transcripts via International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO) before July 2026. Note: For submission of revised grade(s), please log a request by completing the enquiry form . For LKCMedicine applicants only: Complete your application for LKCMedicine (before application closes) Confirm/Update UCAT Number. Review/Finalise Personal Statement. Perform Online Criminal Records Declaration. Submit two Online Referee Reports. Note: -The Online Referee Report is in question-and-answer format, Applicants are required to refer to ‘this instruction’ at ‘ Check Status and forward the instructions to the 2 referees to complete the submission online no later than 3 working days after the application closing date. One of the referees must be the Civic Tutor/Form Teacher. -Shortlisted applicants are to attend Multiple Mini Interviews (MMI) in April. Check your application progress/status. [Back to top] Acceptance Offer and Acceptance If you are offered admissions, proceed to accept your offer online by the stipulated deadline. If you are not offered admissions or your choice of programme, you may submit an appeal during the online appeal exercise. If successful, proceed to accept the offer with the instruction given. Matriculating in Academic Year 2026-27 If you are matriculating in Academic Year 2026-27, complete the enrolment procedures as mentioned in the offer letter or after receiving email notification in early June. A summary is available at Freshmen Guide under Important Dates ( download a PDF version.) Information will be updated periodically. Full-Time National Service (NSF) matriculating after Academic Year 2026-27 : This is applicable only to Singapore Citizens & Singapore Permanent Residents serving full-time national service. You will receive in September/October (of the year of acceptance) an acknowledgement letter for the programme you have accepted. Keep the letter as proof of acceptance and remember your application number for future correspondence. A confirmation letter will be sent to you subsequently in December prior to the year of your matriculation. If there is a change in your email address, please log a request to update us by completing the enquiry form . V erification of Original Documents NTU checks the authenticity of your academic results directly with IBO. You may be required to come in person for verification of specific documents sometime in August/September after matriculated as a student of NTU. Such notification will be sent to student's NTU email account closer to the verification period. Those who fail to complete the exercise or who are unable to present the required original documents for verification without valid reasons will be required to withdraw or deemed to have withdrawn from the University. Returning National Servicemen matriculating in August 2026 You will receive an email pertaining to Health Screening in April 2026. If you are unable to matriculate in AY2026-27, click here to download the Form for Returning National Servicemen, complete and return it to us by the stipulated date. Returning National Servicemen matriculating in Special Term (May/June) You will receive an email pertaining to enrolment procedures in March 2026 if you have completed your full-time National Service and wish to matriculate earlier in May/June 2026. You may click on the following for reference: Matriculation & Registration for RNS Men during Special Term Fees for Special Term Important Dates Admissions Stages | Event Actions | Dates / Deadlines . Application for ​Admissions | Online application | 15 October 2025 - 19 March 2026 . Change of programme choices | by 19 March 2026 . Update of contact 1. via Check Status 2. via enquiry form | 1. by 19 March 2026 2. from 20 March 2026 . ​Criminal Records Declaration | ​by 19 March 2026 . Payment of application fee | by 19 March 2026 . Submission of supporting documents | by 22 March 2026 . Submission of Art, Design & Media (ADM) additional materials | by 19 March 2026 . Completion of application for LKCMedicine programme 1.Personal Statement 2.Two Online Referee Report | 1.by 19 March 2026 2.by 22 March 2026 . Application for Scholarships | Online application | by 19 March 2026 . Submission of photograph and appraisal form | by 26 March 2026 . Offer and Acceptance | Offer/Release of application outcome | Between March to May 2026 . Acceptance of offer | As indicated on offer letter . Online appeal | 18 to 31 May 2026 Click here to appeal. (extended to 1 June 2026) . After Acceptance (Website information AY2026 will avail in June-July 2026) | Online Matriculation | Click here for details . Qualifying English Test (QET) | Click here for details . Freshmen Welcome Ceremony | Click here for details For admissions matters and enquiries, please submit using the “Enquire Here” button. Enquire Here