NTU-University Scholars Programme (NTU-USP) | NTU Honours College | NTU Singapore &ltDialog title goes here&gt &ltDialog description or question goes here&gt I accept I refuse --> Privacy Notice This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. By continuing, you are agreeing to the use of cookies on your device as described in our privacy policy . Close I refuse --> Toggle notification Toggle search Toggle menu Home About Us Back Back About Us Meet our Leadership Team Key Highlights Signature Programmes Back Back Signature Programmes NBS Global Leaders programme&nbsp; NTU-University Scholars Programme Renaissance Engineering Programme CN Yang Scholars Programme Turing AI Scholars Programme FAQs Search Corporate NTU NTU Honours College Signature Programmes Home About Us Key Highlights FAQs Signature Programmes Signature Programmes Home About Us Key Highlights FAQs NTU-University Scholars Programme NTU-University Scholars Programme NBS Global Leaders programme&nbsp; Renaissance Engineering Programme CN Yang Scholars Programme Turing AI Scholars Programme NTU-USP TOPS 2025 NTU-USP Study Aboard NTU-USPham 1 2 3 NTU-University Scholars Programme Embark on a Journey with us As one of NTU’s leading Signature Programmes, NTU-USP is a vibrant and unique programme specially designed to offer outstanding students global learning opportunities that complement their core areas of study. This academically rigorous multi-disciplinary programme bridges NTU's core disciplines, adding breadth to each scholar's academic experience through exposing them to interdisciplinary courses across the sciences, engineering, humanities and social sciences. NTU-USP scholars will also be challenged to sharpen their critical thinking skills and leadership abilities through interdisciplinary academic and co-curricular programmes promoting independent learning and immersive cultural experiences. #whyNTUUSP Our Identity: A multi-disciplinary programme that complements NTU’s core disciplines. Our Goals:&nbsp; Develop independent thinkers. Nurture empathetic leaders. Foster engaged community. Encourage global citizenship. Our Programmes Admissions Guide and Scholarship Benefits Explore the NTU-USP Admissions Guide: Interview Processes, Compatible Programmes, and learn about our curriculum here. Programme Compatibility Find out more about student life as part of the NTU-University Scholars Programme and meet the executive committee. Heavily Subsidised Semester Abroad NTU-University Scholars Programme encourages scholars to participate in a wide array of overseas experiential programmes, projects and events beyond the classroom. Education Beyond Borders NTU-USP Scholars Programme is offered to freshmen with strong academic credentials, who demonstrate leadership potential &amp; possess outstanding co- curricular records. Professional Development Find out more about student life as part of the NTU-University Scholars Programme and meet the executive committee. Get to know Us Director's Message Meet the Team Our Partners Alumni 2024-2025 Syed Mohammed Mosayeeb Al-Hady, Class of 2025, Data Science and Artificial Intelligence Whenever I talk about my time in NTU-USP I can’t help but brag that I was able to go for six different overseas programs during my time here! It’s not just that they were great fun (they were) but that they pushed me to examine my own assumptions and background, and genuinely changed me as a person. The inter-disciplinary modules were highlights of my university life too - the professors were super passionate and supportive, and I always looked forward to class! Nyimas Andreana, Class Of 2024, Communications NTU-USP gave me the opportunity to pick up skills and knowledge beyond my major, such from philosophy to business, to drama and art. Lessons with USP never failed to widen my perspective on various areas of study. It also allowed me to see the world – citing our DEEP Drama overseas trip to Hong Kong! Being a part of this community of such talented and capable friends was a big motivation till the very end of my university experience. Tsoi Chee Chung, Class Of 2024, Aerospace Engineering The NTU-USP programme has neatly complemented my undergraduate experience as an engineering student, honing my critical thinking and analytical skills across an interdisciplinary range of subjects, while providing many opportunities to grow my soft skills like communication and teamwork. The diverse and tight-knit NTU-USP community encourages peer learning and leadership through various student-run events, allowing us to contribute in our own meaningful ways. NTU-USP has been a strong pillar of support on my learning journey for which I am grateful. Lee Joon Hei, Class Of 2024, Computer Science Why join NTU-USP as a Computer Science major?” Asked this question both as an applicant and in the years after, I always answered that it was precisely because of my STEM background that I craved a more diverse experience to complement it. Looking back, this choice was certainly justified. From paleoanthropology to astronomy, TOPS to exchange, the slew of electives and overseas opportunities provided by NTU-USP gave me the skills and courage to continually venture out of my comfort zone. The programme also gifted me with countless fond memories with my fellow USPham that I’ll hold close for a long time. 2020 - 2023 Low Yong Zhou, Class of 2023, Accountancy &amp; Business My NTU-USP journey was truly a transformative one. Looking back, NTU-USP offered countless opportunities to expand my horizons abroad and a nurturing environment to grow and develop holistically. Each takeaway from the inspiring faculty and peers I met on this journey has shaped me into the person I am today. Ang Wan Qi, Class of 2022, Environmental Earth Systems Science NTU-USP classes prompted me to delve deeper into a variety of social and philosophical issues. As a science student, the NTU-USP experience has proven to be a valuable supplement to my academic journey and has contributed significantly to my overall development. The curriculum equipped me with a well-rounded perspective and a solid foundation that enables me to explore diverse topics beyond my primary field of study even after graduation. Lim Jia Yi, Class 2021, Linguistics and Multilingual Studies My NTU-USP experience is shaped by the little moments - sneaking in Koufu dinners during our 4.30pm classes, late nights studying together at the Crespion canteen, debating over AI ethics one day and the next on which theme would work best for our annual Back2School event, and so much more. These little moments were made extraordinary with the warm and supportive community here at NTU-USP. They gave me both the courage to try new things (like running for club president in my final year!) and comfort in knowing that these friends are for life. Thung Yi Tian, Class of 2020, Physical and Mathematical Sciences The NTU-USP curriculum has provided me with a deep perspective on a broad range of topics, equipping me with soft skills to master any knowledge beyond my discipline. The cohesive and motivated student community has been crucial in giving me support during and well beyond my undergraduate journey, pushing me to strive for excellence in my pursuits. 2016 - 2019 Ng Xinyu, Class of 2019, Communication Studies The NTU-USP community has been my greatest takeaway from university. I've been blessed with countless opportunities to develop myself as a leader, hold meaningful and intellectual discussions with my peers, broaden my perspectives with trips overseas and learn from passionate professors. For anyone looking for a holistic environment to develop themselves and learn from the sharpest of minds and kindest of hearts in the community, NTU-USP is the place to be. Kwang Yi Jing, Class of 2018, Accountancy &amp; Business While the scholarship offers impressive monetary benefits, I benefited most from the programme's ability to bring together a group of intelligent, like-minded, and driven individuals. It forged a community that felt very much like home. It provided a network and sounding board to call upon, when needed. Most importantly, being around my peers - many of whom are more talented and accomplished than I am - inspired daily self-reflection and improvement. It pushed me to strive for more. 4 years later, I can safely say I have achieved more today because of NTU-USP. Low Zhi Hong, Class of 2017, ​Aerospace Engineering ​The NTU-USP experience has stretched my intellectual capacity and broadened my perspectives of the world – well beyond the scope of my engineering degree. Of all, I am utmost thankful to be part of a student community which is highly self-driven, capable and very supportive. My peers have continuously inspired me to strive for greater success in university and beyond. Lek Yan Ru, Class of 2016, Sociology Participating in the NTU-USP was a transformative experience, blending diverse disciplinary exploration with the privilege of engaging with humble yet brilliant minds. Till now, I fondly recall the Summer Programme, which included USP students, other participants from NTU and two other foreign universities - this experience was unqiue and enriching. I'm deeply grateful for the NTU-USP journey, which has provided me with great exposure and supportive lifelong friends :) Publications and Collateral Yearbooks Class of 2025 Class of 2024 Class of 2023 Class of 2022 Newsletters Access the archives of our circulated digital newsletters over the years. Access Community Blog Explore personal blog entries from faculty and students returning from their overseas trips plus other events. Explore Brochure Browse through our yearly promotional brochures for concise highlights on the programme. Browse Contact Us Signature Programmes Office NTU Honours College Academic Block North 61 Nanyang Drive, ABN-B2b-11, Singapore 637335 Tel: (65)&nbsp;6908 3345 Email: usp@ntu.edu.sg Meet The Team Meet the team at the NTU-University Scholars Programme including the management team, core faculty and admin team. FAQ Interested in joining the NTU-University Scholars Programme? Here is a list of FAQs on the programme, admissions requirements, scholarships &amp; overseas learning. Nanyang Technological University 50 Nanyang Avenue, Singapore 639798 Tel: (65) 67911744 National Institute of Education 1 Nanyang Walk, Singapore 637616 Novena Campus 11 Mandalay Road, Singapore 308232 Tel: (65) 65138572 Quick links Board of Trustees 中文 NTU Library Suppliers Staff Intranet Student Intranet Give to NTU Get in touch Visiting NTU Careers A-Z Directory Contact Us Connect with us Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn YouTube TikTok © 2026 Nanyang Technological University Equality, Diversity and Inclusion &nbsp; |&nbsp;&nbsp; Legal