Undergraduate | NTU Singapore 1 2 Welcome to NTU Undergraduate Admissions 2026 Important Dates 1 June - 16 June 2026 | Acceptance of offer (2nd Window) Admission Guide Scholarships and Awards For Returning NSmen Indicative Grade Profile (IGP) Freshmen Portal Contact Us Fast-track your edge at #NTUsg 🏎️ Discover how you can gear up for the #AI age and go full throttle towards achieving your dreams.🎉 Download our UG prospectus Get the full list of our prospectus at a glance. Explore our programmes Discover the wide range of programmes offered across all our schools and colleges for a broad-based education. Funding Your Education Learn about our scholarships, tuition fees, grants and other support available from the University. Discover a range of new programmes that enable you to harness the potential of AI to solve real-world challenges. Turing AI Scholars Programme Get cutting-edge knowledge in field of AI through a specially designed scholars programme that will enable you to take on the challenges of a world shaped by AI. Bachelor of Computing (Hons) in Artificial Intelligence and Society Get ready to be part of one of the fastest-growing tech sectors with a degree that exposes you to AI system design, development, and deployment in real-world settings. Bachelor of Computing (Hons) in Data Science and Artificial Intelligence Find innovative solutions to society’s pressing challenges across areas ranging from healthcare, business and finance, environmental sustainability to science and technology. Minor in Artificial Intelligence Designed for diverse majors, the Minor in AI gives you a foundational understanding of emerging technologies and their applications across finance, engineering, humanities, and more. As artificial intelligence accelerates change across every industry at an unprecedented pace, how do we ensure the human mind stays ahead of the machine? Hear from Provost Prof Christian Wolfrum on how #AI is thoughtfully integrated across #NTUsg 's approach to #education – enhancing #learning and developing leaders who can direct AI with purpose. Empowering students to thrive in the age of AI → NTU Singapore is embarking on an ambitious effort to transform its undergraduate education with artificial intelligence (AI). NBS Global Leaders programme (NGL) Turing AI Scholars Programme (TAISP) Renaissance Engineering Scholars Programme (REP) NTU-University Scholars Programme (NTU-USP) CN Yang Scholars Programme (CNYSP) NTU-NIE Teaching Scholars Programme (TSP) Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) NTU offers a variety of scholarships to new and current students pursuing their full-time undergraduate studies based on academic merit & good co-curricular records. Bachelor of Engineering in Robotics With a curriculum spanning mechanical, electrical, mechatronics, and AI-focused courses, you will be ready for both research and real-world robotics applications. Bachelor of Engineering Science with Double Major in Process Engineering and Synthetic Chemistry The programme equips you to address complex challenges and foster innovation in manufacturing sectors like pharmaceuticals, petrochemicals, energy, and materials... Bachelor of Computing (Hons) in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Society The programme provides students with a solid technical foundation in AI and extensive practical exposure to ethical AI system design... Bachelor of Applied Computing in Finance An interdisciplinary degree that blends deep domain knowledge in finance and strong technological and analytical skillsets through... Bachelor of Social Sciences in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics This is a new integrated Major, four-year honours degree programme, where students learn to integrate multiple disciplinary approaches... Accountancy for Future Leaders (Bachelor of Accountancy in Sustainability Management and Analytics) Integrating sustainability, analytics, and a unique work-study component. Immerse in a 30-week internship with ACRA-recognized ATOs... Bachelor of Chinese Medicine This four-year degree programme focuses on Chinese medicine and basic Western medicine knowledge, with the intention of producing... Second Major in Sustainability Learn how you can maintain the health of our world for the benefit of current and future generations, by understanding how our env… Computing Engineering Business Science Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences Medicine National Institute of Education Vibrant Campus Discover friends with activities and organizations, leadership, athletics and fitness, health and wellness, and support and guidance on campus. Residential Life Our halls offers a supportive environment in which to live, learn, and forge friendships. Learn more and apply for on-campus housing. International Exposure Learning truly takes on an international dimension with numerous opportunities to go abroad for exchange programmes, internships, projects and more. Virtual Tour Here’s a selection of some of the most iconic buildings, recreational spaces and fun spots for you to visit on the NTU Smart Campus. Enjoy a virtual tour or drop by to see what makes NTU one of the top most beautiful campuses in the world. When it comes to your future, there’s no one-size-fits-all approach. With an NTU degree, you’ll be able to adapt fluidly to a rapidly changing future. Explore more stories that showcase how an NTU degree is built with agility and flexibility at its core. A rocking star at Berkeley Follow NTU REP student Sarah Wong at UC Berkeley as she takes on rigorous academics, new cultures, and self-driven growth shaped by passion, resilience and holistic learning. The boy who solved it all NTU Computer Science undergraduate Vannes Wijaya shares what it’s like to be a viral sensation, reality show champion, and NTU student. What I learnt about startups in Silicon Valley Now based in Silicon Valley, NTU student Alen Tao is deep in the startup grind, pitching to investors, refining his product and building his medtech venture. Having met fellow startup founders and investors, he shares the key lessons he’s learning Finding her north in global affairs Listening with empathy and approaching new experiences with humility have shaped how NTU student Nurin Haziqah understands public policy, culture and the world From NTU to the fast lane at Imperial Whether she's in Seoul, rural Vietnam or Imperial College London, Renaissance Engineering Programme student Kimberly Lek is on a learning adventure of a lifetime The route to Harvard starts at NTU NTU undergraduate and CN Yang scholar Loi Jun Yan is turning his passion for neuroscience into a global research journey that has taken him across three continents Becoming a doctor for the world Classes at University of Cambridge and a clinical elective at a London hospital gave NTU medical student Loh Pei Yi unforgettable lessons in compassionate healthcare Her passport to green business First-year student Rajvi Sapre is building business savvy and expanding her horizons with the NBS Global Leaders Programme East or West, AI learn from the best From Beijing to Berkeley, Turing AI Scholar Tan Ee Khai hones his AI expertise by learning from top universities and cutting-edge tech firms How my career took flight Now Executive Director of Operations at Goldman Sachs in Sydney, 2017 graduate Nath Sudswong got his start through NTU’s Renaissance Engineering Programme, which has a strong global component 7 truths to land the job you want Career coaches reveal what gets students hired, beyond the usual playbook Partying with a Nobel Prize winner 2024 graduate Leo Kuo, now a PhD student at Caltech, looks back on how going abroad while in NTU helped his career When student president meets vice provost NTU Students’ Union (NTUSU) President Darren Chin chats with Vice Provost (Student Experience) Assoc Prof Andy Khong about friendships, shared spaces and why connection matters just as much as coursework How we fell in love with NTU What international exchange students didn’t expect about NTU – and what makes it unforgettable Go far to learn Three NTU communication students share what they picked up from reporting on the lives of displaced Burmese refugees in Thailand as part of NTU’s flagship overseas journalism programme Go further, faster - NTU The AI age is here, and NTU is the place to be. With interdisciplinary learning, global experiences, and strong links to industry leaders, you’ll graduate ready to adapt, lead, and make an impact. askST: What can I do as a university student to prepare for a fulfilling career? Taking part in NTU leadership programmes that include overseas experiences is one way that students gain soft skills like flexibility and resilience, which are sought after by employers. A prescription for success A freshman at NTU’s Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine, Aidan Grewal is confident that the school’s unique focus on patient-centred care, will help shape him into a skilled and compassionate doctor. Came for the research, stayed for the experience Extensive travel opportunities and early exposure to research were key to CNYSP student Cherrie Chong picking NTU Developing versatile skills for the future NTU-University Scholars Programme is shaping Wei Chong into an all-rounder with a broad skill set through interdisciplinary learning and exploration beyond his major. Add business acumen to engineering skills As a Renaissance Engineering Programme student, Sheng Rui graduates with a Bachelor of Engineering Science and a Master of Science in Technology Management in just four and a half years. Pursuing a career in AI As a Turing AI Programme scholar, Su Ying gains exclusive access to AI masterclasses, as well as global academic and industry immersion . Exploring global collaborations in research The CN Yang Scholars Programme aligns perfectly with Li Xuan’s passion for research which exposes her to multiple research attachments including a final-year project with an overseas university. Building a future in business NTU’s Double Degree in Accountancy and Business empowers Dzakir to explore diverse career opportunities while building valuable networks and honing his leadership skills. Acquiring life skills as a double major student Nuha is pursuing NTU’s one-of-a-kind Biomedical Sciences and BioBusiness programme, determined to gain a broader perspective and excel through holistic, industry-focused education. My passport to possibilities From global research stints to international study trips, NTU’s CN Yang Programme helps Izzuddin explore the world and realise his dream of working overseas.