Application Are there any restrictions on the type of scholarships I can select in the online form? There is no restriction, you can select at least 1 of the scholarship categories in the scholarship application form. What criteria do NTU scholarships consider aside from academic performance? NTU scholarships also consider co-curricular activities and leadership qualities. How many achievements should I include in my scholarship application? You should list your top three personal achievements in the application form. Is there an application fee for NTU scholarships? No, there is no fee to apply for scholarships at NTU. Will I be disadvantaged if I did not select certain type of scholarships in the scholarship application form? NTU will consider candidates for the best available scholarship that he/she is eligible for in the chosen scholarship categories. Outstanding candidates may be nominated and offered other scholarships outside of your selection. If I am unable to complete my application, will it affect my scholarship application? Incomplete and inaccurate application will not be processed. Can I reapply for a scholarship if I was unsuccessful the first time if I'm a returning Nsmen? Yes, for returning NSmen who were unsuccessful in full-term scholarship application may submit a new scholarship application during subsequent years before matriculating into NTU. Do I need to submit a scholarship application even if I select my interest in “signature programmes” in the admissions application form? Yes, scholarship application is distinct from signature programmes. You should submit a scholarship application if you would like to be considered for a scholarship on top of a signature programme. Eligibility How do I know which type of scholarships I am eligible for? Eligibility criteria can be found in the respective scholarships’ webpages. The scholarship selection committee will review your application and will consider you for the best scholarship available and eligible based on your merit. Benefits Of Award Does the scholarship cover expenses for overseas programmes? The scholarship coverage shall be stated in your offer letter and it will be applicable during semester 1 and semester 2. If your scholarship covers tuition fees, it also covers tuition fees for exchanges during normal semester 1 or 2. Fees for other programmes i.e. GEM discoverer or other programmes outside semesters 1 and 2 are not covered. Will I receive a notification when my allowances are credited? Yes, you will be notified by email when your allowance is credited. Will I still receive my scholarship allowance if I am away for a semester on exchange? Yes, you may continue to receive your scholarship allowances if you are on an approved exchange program on semester 1 or semester 2. Will I still receive my scholarship allowance during vacation periods? No, the scholarship does not cover periods of vacation and special terms. Terms & Conditions Will I be penalised for withdrawing from a scholarship after accepting it? If you withdraw after matriculation, you may be required to repay disbursed funds, along with any applicable interest. What is the minimum CGPA that I am requested to achieve as a scholar? Please refer to the scholarship's terms and conditions in the offer letter for the specific academic requirements. Additionally, scholars who are enrolled in signature programmes are expected to meet the programme’s CGPA and other requirements to remain in the signature programmes. If I choose to change my programme, will I be able to retain the scholarship? The scholarship offered to you is applicable for the course indicated in the scholarship offer. If you change your degree programme during the admissions exercise, your scholarship offer can be withdrawn. You can retain the scholarship offer if you change the second major or minor without changing your primary major and you continue to meet the scholarship eligibility criteria. If I defer/change my admission year, will I be able to retain the scholarship? Your scholarship offer will only remain valid if your admission to the same programme indicated in the scholarship offer remains valid. I am an international student/ Singapore Permanent Resident. If I do not take up the MOE tuition grant, will I be able to retain the scholarship? Your scholarship will only remain valid when you take up the MOE tuition grant. Selection Interview Are interviews conducted for all scholarships? All shortlisted applicants will be notified via email to attend an interview which can be in-person or an online interview. What if I want to upgrade my scholarship? The scholarship outcome decision is final, you may choose to withdraw your offer if you receive a better scholarship offer. If I cannot attend the scheduled scholarship interview, can I reschedule? Please contact your scholarship coordinator. As there are limited timeslots available, your request to reschedule may not be granted.