For enquiries on Undergraduate Admissions, Scholarships, Financial Assistance or Talent Outreach, please submit using the ''Enquire Here'' button. Enquire Here The University's main campus is frequently listed among the Top 15 most beautiful university campuses in the world and it has 57 Green Mark-certified (equivalent to LEED-certified) building projects, of which 95% are certified Green Mark Platinum. Apart from its main campus, NTU also has a campus in Novena, Singapore's healthcare district. NTU Office of Admissions does not conduct guided campus tours. Should you wish to visit NTU Main campus on your own, below are 2 suggested walking routes (please click on North Spine or South Spine ) for your reference: North Spine South Spine Mailing Address Office of Admissions Student & Academic Services Department Nanyang Technological University Student Services Centre, #03-01 42 Nanyang Avenue Singapore 639815 Operating Hours Mondays to Thursdays - 8:30a.m. to 5:30p.m. Fridays - 8:30a.m. to 5:00p.m. Closed on Saturdays, Sundays and Public Holidays Location NTU has two campuses in Singapore. The main campus is a 200-ha residential, garden campus located in the south-western part of Singapore, near the Jurong West Extension area. This campus is easily accessible by two expressways, the Pan-island Expressway (PIE) and Kranji Expressway (KJE). It is also near the Boon Lay bus interchange and the Boon Lay Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station. NTU's second campus is located at NTU@one-north, right next to the Biopolis, Singapore's biomedical research hub. For the Jurong Campus map, please click here. By Car The university is served by two entrances: Jalan Bahar entrance and Pioneer Road North entrance. If you are coming by the Pan Island Expressway (PIE) in the direction of Tuas , Get off PIE at Exit 36 Turn right into Jalan Bahar after the down ramp and then look out for direction sign to the university Turn left into Nanyang Avenue and proceed ahead to the Jalan Bahar entrance If you are coming by the PIE in the direction of Changi Airport, Get off the PIE at Exit 38 Keep left and look out for a direction sign to the university Follow the sign to access via the Pioneer Road North entrance If you are coming by Pioneer Road, Drive straight towards Pioneer Road North which passes under the PIE flyover Look out for a direction sign to the university Proceed ahead to the Pioneer Road North entrance By MRT Take the MRT East-West (Green) line and alight at Boon Lay MRT Station. Thereafter, take Singapore Bus Service (SBS) bus service no. 179, 179A or 199 at the Boon Lay bus interchange located just next to the MRT station. Please refer to the bus guide to plan where you should alight. Alternatively, you may alight at Pioneer MRT Station. Thereafter, get down the overhead bridge to take the free NTU-Pioneer MRT shuttle bus at the bus-stop outside Block 649A, Jurong West Street 63. This shuttle bus operates daily from 7.30am to 10.30pm. By Bus Two public buses depart from the Boon Lay bus interchange to the campus, they are SBS bus service no. 179, 179A and 199. Each goes round the campus in a separate loop, starting and ending at the Boon Lay bus interchange. For details of the bus routes, please click here .