Bachelor of Science in Speech-Language Pathology 6157 STUDY PERIOD 5-year ABBREVIATION BSc(SLP) NO. OF FIRST YEAR PLACES 48 FACULTY Faculty of Education Paragraphs Programme Introduction Programme Introduction Become a professional Speech-Language Pathologist This five-year, honours programme furnishes you with the knowledge, skills, and practical experience to emerge as a scientific, effective, and adaptive speech-language pathologist. The programme prioritises integration and the application of knowledge and scientific evidence in clinical practice. In high demand Choose from a large variety of career options for in-demand graduates. Hands-on learning Test your theories in practical and international service training opportunities. What You’ll Study From first to fourth year of study, you will cover the acquisition and development of human communication disorders, speech and language challenges, and swallowing difficulties. The integrated curriculum encompasses knowledge of medical science, psychology, English and Cantonese linguistics, and hearing sciences. Learn through interactions in lectures and clinical practice as well as self-directed, case-based, and small group learning opportunities. Spend more than 300 hours in clinical practice under the guidance and supervision of University staff and practising clinicians from the community. During your fifth (final) year of study, you will be required to complete a research project to earn your degree. Exciting Opportunities Participate in interdisciplinary and international service training opportunities to apply your knowledge in the real world. Professional Recognition The programme is fully endorsed by the Hong Kong Institute of Speech Therapists. Following graduation, you will be eligible to apply to be “Speech Therapist in Accredited Register” and practise in Hong Kong. Graduates have also gone on to pursue postgraduate studies in speech, language, and communication sciences and pathology or similar disciplines. Career Prospects Speech-language pathologists assess and treat individuals with a wide range of speech, language, and swallowing disorders and other communication challenges. You will work with people of all ages in a diverse range of settings, from NGOs, private clinics, and pre-school centres to hospitals, schools, and government. There is a high demand for qualified speech-language pathologists in Hong Kong. Graduates have also gone on to secure jobs in Macau, Singapore, and further abroad. If you’re considering this programme, please review our programme-specific application standards and deadlines to give yourself the best possible chance of securing a place. APPLY NOW Explore More For Further Information Faculty of Education: 3917 6044 edfac@hku.hk https://web.edu.hku.hk/ Bachelor of Science in Speech-Language Pathology: 3917 2357 bscslp@hku.hk https://web.edu.hku.hk/programme/bsslp_6157 More Programmes More Programmes Faculty of Arts, Faculty of Education Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Education in Language Education - English BA&BEd(LangEd)-Eng Faculty of Arts, Faculty of Education Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Education in Language Education - Chinese BA&BEd(LangEd)-Chin Faculty of Education Bachelor of Education in Early Childhood Education and Special Education BEd(ECE&SE) Faculty of Education, Faculty of Science Bachelor of Education and Bachelor of Science BEd&BSc