Bianca Olivia Indonesia Bachelor of Science Studying at HKU: A tough but fun experience As a recipient of the HKU Foundation Entrance Scholarship, Bianca Olivia has opted to pursue the Bachelor of Science at HKU. She described her university life as both tough and fun. "The tough side stems from a diverse variety of projects, assignments, and tests, but it also has its bright side, which developed my multitasking skills. Furthermore, given HKU's highly international student body, I am extremely impressed by such a diverse learning environment with different cultural perspectives. I have lots of fun meeting new friends from different countries." Bianca said studying at HKU has been her dream since she was in high school. "I am perfectly convinced that HKU is a brilliant world-class university which offers a wealth of opportunities that will enhance my competitiveness in the job market. HKU serves as a great platform for building connections with alumni even before my graduation. All these opportunities have given me the chance to broaden my horizons and improve my communication skills which will surely be beneficial to my future development." After graduating from HKU, Bianca hopes to enter the financial industry to work for a prestigious company. She believes that HKU guarantees success in her job hunt. She strives to be an individual who makes the University proud. Back More Student Experience Hoping to chase his dream in an international financial centre, Jounso Lee from South Korea has opted to study at HKU to pursue a Bachelor of Economics and Finance, as he believes that the city and the university will provide him with loads of growth opportunities. Jounso Lee South Korea Bachelor of Economics and Finance “Four years ago, I left everything behind from a small town in Vietnam to come to Hong Kong with only one suitcase and a dream, without any expectations. Hanie Luong Vietnam Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Finance The Common Core programme in HKU allows students to explore a range of subject fields, from philosophy, visual arts to sexuality and global issues. Le Chi Lim, a Year 2 student studying Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics), had the opportunity to study philosophy through the Common Core programme. He was pleasantly surprised by the rich content as well as the unique teaching and learning styles of HKU. Le Chi Lim Malaysia Bachelor of Engineering “HKU is the perfect place to explore your passion, pursue your talents and solve the question you are pondering. Things that I wish I had known as a first-year student are to try even more and not be afraid of exploring different possibilities. Masood Ahmed Pakistan Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science Hoping to chase his dream in an international financial centre, Jounso Lee from South Korea has opted to study at HKU to pursue a Bachelor of Economics and Finance, as he believes that the city and the university will provide him with loads of growth opportunities. Jounso Lee South Korea Bachelor of Economics and Finance “Four years ago, I left everything behind from a small town in Vietnam to come to Hong Kong with only one suitcase and a dream, without any expectations. Hanie Luong Vietnam Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Finance The Common Core programme in HKU allows students to explore a range of subject fields, from philosophy, visual arts to sexuality and global issues. Le Chi Lim, a Year 2 student studying Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics), had the opportunity to study philosophy through the Common Core programme. He was pleasantly surprised by the rich content as well as the unique teaching and learning styles of HKU. Le Chi Lim Malaysia Bachelor of Engineering “HKU is the perfect place to explore your passion, pursue your talents and solve the question you are pondering. Things that I wish I had known as a first-year student are to try even more and not be afraid of exploring different possibilities. Masood Ahmed Pakistan Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science Hoping to chase his dream in an international financial centre, Jounso Lee from South Korea has opted to study at HKU to pursue a Bachelor of Economics and Finance, as he believes that the city and the university will provide him with loads of growth opportunities. Jounso Lee South Korea Bachelor of Economics and Finance “Four years ago, I left everything behind from a small town in Vietnam to come to Hong Kong with only one suitcase and a dream, without any expectations. Hanie Luong Vietnam Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Finance 1 2