HKU-UBC Dual Degree Programme Why HKU-UBC Sauder Why HKU-UBC Sauder HKU is the best university in Hong Kong, a preferred choice for talented students in the region. Located in a tech hub with a thriving digital economy, UBC Sauder of the University of British Columbia is a world-leading research institution and was ranked #1 best business program in Canada. In this programme, you will spend your first and fourth years in Hong Kong and your second and third years in Vancouver to earn two degrees over four years. First Column 1 st Best Business Program in Canada UBC Maclean’s Canada’s Best University Business Programs 2024 Second Column 40 th in the World UBC QS World University Rankings 2026 Third Column 2 nd in Canada UBC Times Higher Education Top Universities in Canada 2024 Fourth Column 11 th in the World HKU QS World University Rankings 2026 Two Top Business Schools, Two Degrees Spend one year in Hong Kong followed by two years in Vancouver and return to Hong Kong for your final year. You will earn a Bachelor of Business Administration from HKU and a Bachelor of Commerce from UBC Sauder at the University of British Columbia upon successful completion of this four-year programme. A Leading Business Education During the exclusive four-year programme, you will experience two world-leading universities with distinctive academic and cultural environments in Asia and North America. Capitalise on the strengths of two world-class business schools and enjoy a wide choice of study options with the flexibility to pursue other courses in non-business fields. Opportunities Opportunities Study Options Opportunities at HKU Opportunities at UBC Sauder HKU-UBC Dual Degree Programme Study Options HKU | UBC Sauder . Entrepreneurship, Design and Innovation (Note: Students must undergo a selection process arranged by the Programme Coordinator for declaring the EDI major.) | Accounting . Human Resources Management | Business Technology Management . Information Systems and Analytics | Entrepreneurship . Marketing | Finance . Finance | General Business Management . Marketing . Operations and Logistics . Organisational Behaviour and Human Resources . Real Estate International exchanges and Mainland learning experiences You may join the HKU Business School or the University exchange programmes with over 400 prestigious partner institutions across continents, including top business schools. The School is also in partnership with different leading universities in the Mainland for you to acquire an in-depth understanding on the development and latest trends of the economics, finance, creativity, innovation and entrepreneurship in China. Case competitions The School provides ample opportunities to refine your presentation and analytical skills in a myriad of local and overseas competitions with other students from the world's leading universities. You will be equipped with different skillsets through extensive training to analyse business cases. Internships You may acquire hands-on experience through different internships opportunities, including those offered by major companies in the local business market. Dedicated resources in career development and training are made available by the School to support students with your future career goals. Mentorship programme Leveraging the School's extensive network in the business and finance industry, the HKU Business School Mentorship Programme furnishes you with opportunities to enhance your skills and knowledge essential for their future career development, through direct and active interaction with seasoned professionals, executives and entrepreneurs. Outside of the classroom, you will have many opportunities for career development and extracurricular activities at UBC Sauder, including: Co-operative Education: With the Co-op Programme, gain a full year of paid work experience that is relevant to your Bachelor of Commerce option and get paid to do it. When you graduate, you'll have professional experience, new skills and a network to help you launch your career and put you on the fast track to success. Business Career Centre: At the Hari B. Varshney Business Career Centre, access resources that help you excel in the competitive job market, from career skills assessment and resume writing to job search strategies, interview techniques, and recruiter contacts. Mentorship and training programmes: Build your experience and develop new skills with the help of industry professionals. UBC Sauder LIFT: Participate in a four-week exchange of business skills and knowledge with local entrepreneurs in Kenya. This unique programme allows you to share your business acumen with aspiring entrepreneurs, while learning about other cultures. Build your network: Network with your peers and industry leaders at conferences, events and industry-specific networking events. Fees and Scholarships Fees and Scholarships Fees Accommodation Scholarships Tuition fees are to be paid to each host institution (Years 1 and 4 to HKU and Years 2 and 3 to UBC Sauder) and are fixed at the time of enrolment. UBC Sauder | HKU . Tuition fees | Tuition fees are calculated per-credit and based on student status (domestic or international). Tuition fees are reviewed annually by the Board of Governors. More information on tuition can be found here . | HKD224,000 per year* *Students with the right of abode in Hong Kong will pay local fees of HKD47,000 per year (subject to approval) . HKU You can find application details and available hall options here . UBC Sauder Accommodation is guaranteed for all dual degree students in the second year of the programme. Please apply through UBC Student Housing . HKU Successful applicants will automatically be considered for the HKU Foundation Entrance Scholarship, which may grant up to full coverage of tuition fees and living expenses. Learn more . UBC Sauder Successful applicants will be considered for all relevant UBC and UBC Sauder entrance scholarships. Learn more about fees & financing and scholarship . How to apply How to apply Admissions Standards Application Procedure Application Timeline The dual degree programme is a direct-entry programme open to local and non-local secondary school applicants. Students with a previous degree or post-secondary study experience are not eligible. You must meet the general admission and programme-specific requirements for HKU, UBC, and UBC Sauder. Please refer to the admissions requirements for each institution for more information. All applicants will be required to prove English language competency. View UBC Admissions Requirements View HKU Admissions Requirements To apply, you will need to complete an online general application to UBC plus a supplemental application for the dual degree programme. Please note that in order to complete the supplemental application, you will be required to submit an essay of 250–500 words describing your motivation for applying to the dual degree programme. Please share how the programme will help you achieve your intellectual, personal, and professional aspirations. Explain how you wish to contribute to campus life outside of the classroom. Unsuccessful applicants will automatically be considered for admission to UBC’s Bachelor of Commerce programme and HKU’s Bachelor of Business Administration programme. UBC Online Application HKU-UBC Dual Degree Supplemental Application View Details Hide Details 1 Oct 2025 Application Opens UBC online application and Dual Degree supplemental application opens. 1 Dec 2025 Submit your UBC online application Submit your UBC online application by this date in order to be considered for the Major Entrance Scholarship and UBC Centennial Scholars Entrance Award (open to Canadian students and permanent residents). Direct-entry high school students who follow the Canadian curriculum and wish to be considered for first round offers of admission must apply by this date. 15 Jan 2026 Deadline for applying to UBC for the 2025 Winter Session (September to April). 31 Jan 2026 Deadline for submitting supplemental application and uploading documents. Deadline for submitting the Dual Degree supplemental application and uploading documents for the 2025 Winter Session. Mid-March 2026 HKU interviews of shortlisted candidates (optional) From April 2026 Conditional offers of admissions to be sent. All offers of admission are conditional and require applicants to maintain the same level of achievement as at the time of application. Early-May 2026 Accept or decline your Dual Degree offer.