Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Laws 6858 STUDY PERIOD 5-year ABBREVIATION BSc&LLB NO. OF FIRST YEAR PLACES 20 FACULTY Faculty of Law Faculty of Science Paragraphs Programme Introduction Programme Introduction Nurturing legal professionals with expertise in science in STEM-drive society This double degree programme caters for the demand for talents amidst rapid development of technological innovations in the Greater Bay Area. It equips students with academic and interdisciplinary knowledge and skills in science and law. Students will be able to tackle challenges in STEM-driven regulatory affairs and intellectual property protection. Futuristic skills Acquire cross-disciplinary knowledge, analytical and evaluation skills. Work experience Take internships and placements to familiarise practical dimensions of legal studies. What You’ll Study The comprehensive programme provides academic training for legal professionals and scientists. Science major study, including introductory level and advanced level disciplinary courses, together with capstone course, lays the foundation for scientific knowledge and research skills. LLB professional core, including a variety of legal courses, experiential learning courses, teaches legal concepts and essential legal skills to students. Law and science interdisciplinary electives equip students with cross-disciplinary knowledge, original thinking, analytical and evaluation skills. This double degree programme also lays the groundwork for students to pursue a postgraduate qualification in science or law. Exciting Opportunities Benefit from law-and-science interdisciplinary courses, plus capstone experiences for Science major and the LLB professional core. Career Prospects Articulation Eligible to apply for the Postgraduate Certificate in Laws (PCLL) after completing the double degree programme In a position to apply for other postgraduate programmes in law or science Career devel o p m ents Joining commercial or intellectual property firms as patent agents or professionals specialising in business development within innovation-driven and technology-based firms Solicitors, barristers or in-house counsel specialising in intellectual property/technology matters​ Entrepreneurs Government/regulatory officials Policy-makers Environmentalists Researchers or academics If you’re considering this programme, please review our programme-specific application standards and deadlines to give yourself the best possible chance of securing a place. APPLY NOW Explore More For Further Information Faculty of Science: 3917 2683 sci.ug.admission@hku.hk https://www.scifac.hku.hk/ Faculty of Law: 3917 2951 lawzoom@hku.hk https://www.law.hku.hk More Programmes More Programmes Faculty of Arts, Faculty of Law Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws BA&LLB HKU Business School, Faculty of Law Bachelor of Business Administration (Law) and Bachelor of Laws BBA(Law)&LLB Faculty of Law Bachelor of Laws LLB Faculty of Law, Faculty of Social Sciences Bachelor of Social Sciences (Government and Laws) and Bachelor of Laws BSocSc(Govt&Laws)&LLB Faculty of Law HKU-PKU Dual Degree Programme University Collaborative Programme