Bachelor of Science in Marketing Analytics and Technology 6846 STUDY PERIOD 4-year ABBREVIATION BSc(MAT) NO. OF FIRST YEAR PLACES 25 FACULTY HKU Business School Paragraphs Programme Introduction Programme Introduction Digitization and data are fundamentally changing all businesses and industries. The BSc(MAT) equips students with quantitative skills, technology, and marketing know-how to pursue a career in the digital economy and modern businesses. The program targets both STEM students with an interest in business as well as business students interested in the technology space. Students will gain a solid foundation in cutting-edge technical areas including computer programming, data science, digital platforms and marketing technology as well as business marketing know-how such as the design & launch of new technology products, targeting consumers, forecast and predicting markets, and building a technology-focused strategy. Big Data: Your Now and Future HKU’s brand new big data-oriented programmes are designed to equip you with the skillsets and knowledge to excel in today’s digitalised world as big data professionals. What You’ll Study The programme aims to nurture future leaders in the field of technology and marketing who are able to use the latest technology, science, and data analytics to support business and marketing decisions in the digital world. In addition to the Faculty Core courses, students will be required to take foundation courses in the disciplines of marketing, computer science, and business analytics, as well as selected advanced courses that focus on marketing technology, data science and strategy, and marketing analytics. Exciting Opportunities There are ample opportunities for students to participate in exchange programmes at world-class universities, and to gain internship experience from large multi-national companies (MNC), Hong Kong or Mainland China companies or exciting start-ups. Students can also access HKU resources to start their own company. With solid knowledge of marketing analytics and technology and interpersonal skills gained in multi-cultural and social contexts, graduates are expected to become competitive and capable business leaders with a global perspective. Professional Recognition Students of the BSc(MAT) programme are eligible to enrol in the CGMA® Finance Leadership Program and kickstart their journey to become a member of Chartered Institute of Management Accountants and a Chartered Global Management Accountant while they are studying in the University. Career Prospects BSc(MAT) graduates will be well-prepared to join the workforce in digital marketing, entrepreneurship & start-ups, gaming, digital platforms, e-commerce, IT, consulting, finance, and other industries with a focus on analytics, data, and technology. If you’re considering this programme, please review our programme-specific application standards and deadlines to give yourself the best possible chance of securing a place. APPLY NOW Explore More For Further Information HKU Business School: 3917 5343 fbe.ugenquiry@hku.hk https://ug.hkubs.hku.hk More Programmes More Programmes HKU Business School Bachelor of Economics/ Bachelor of Economics and Finance BEcon/BEcon&Fin HKU Business School Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting and Finance / Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting Data Analytics BBA(Acc&Fin)/BBA(ADA) HKU Business School Bachelor of Business Administration (Business Analytics) BBA(BA) HKU Business School, Faculty of Law Bachelor of Business Administration (Law) and Bachelor of Laws BBA(Law)&LLB HKU Business School Bachelor of Finance in Asset Management and Private Banking BFin(AMPB)