Bachelor of Arts and Sciences in Global Health and Development 6250 STUDY PERIOD 4-year ABBREVIATION BASc(GHD) NO. OF FIRST YEAR PLACES 18 FACULTY Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine Paragraphs Programme Introduction Programme Introduction The BASc(GHD) help students develop the foundational multidisciplinary and international perspectives, the core blocks of knowledge and the people and systems oriented competencies needed to succeed in modern health and development related fields. The curriculum combines: Basic to intermediate level courses across multiple Faculties (Architecture, Business and Economics, Law, Medicine, Science, Social Sciences) Advanced seminars and case studies Placements in overseas/local organisations Mentoring on career choices and leadership BASc courses on leadership and big data analytics What You’ll Study Interdisciplinary Major This interdisciplinary major is hosted by the LKS Faculty of Medicine in collaboration with Faculties of Architecture; Business and Economics; Law; Science; and Social Sciences. Four anchoring courses, one in each year of study, adopt a case-based problem-solving approach to assist students to navigate the interconnectedness among the various academic disciplines. Three BASc Core Courses will be offered in Year 1 and 2 to cultivate an interdisciplinary mindset in students, to nurture their leadership and advocacy talents, and to hone their skills in cutting-edge big data sciences. Minor Options & Electives Students can plan their study with the remaining credits in various manners, such as taking a minor, and/or electives offered within the BASc(GHD) curriculum or those offered in other curricula across Faculties. Within BASc(GHD) curriculum, the minor options offered include Global Health and Global Development in Asia. Exciting Opportunities A distinctive feature of the programme is the 6-month field placement. Students will gain exposure to real life challenges and have the opportunity to receive mentoring from leading global health and development organisations such as UN agencies, Non-governmental Organisations (NGOs), Contract Research Organisations (CROs), Philanthropic Foundations and more. In addition to offering expert guidance and professional training workshops, HKU provides a limited number of scholarships to support students during their placements. We currently have opportunities for students to undertake placements in a range of organisations and locations depending on their interests and long term career goals. Career Prospects With a broad but in-depth insight in health and development, and practical field experience, our graduates are well equipped to access a wide range of careers in global health, development and economics, industry, academia, government and non-governmental sectors. The 4-year cross-disciplinary training lays the foundation for students on the path to advance to leadership or strategic roles. An increasing number of graduates have secured return offers from their host organisations, showcasing the possibilities and opportunities created by the 6-month field placement. If you’re considering this programme, please review our programme-specific application standards and deadlines to give yourself the best possible chance of securing a place. APPLY NOW Explore More For Further Information School of Public Health: 3917 9255 ghdsph@hku.hk https://www.ghd.sph.hku.hk/ More Programmes More Programmes Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, School of Biomedical Engineering Bachelor of Engineering in Biomedical Engineering BEng(BME) Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery MBBS Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine Bachelor of Chinese Medicine BChinMed Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine Bachelor of Pharmacy BPharm