Bachelor of Arts in Humanities and Digital Technologies 6286 STUDY PERIOD 4-year ABBREVIATION BA(HDT) NO. OF FIRST YEAR PLACES 30 FACULTY Faculty of Arts Paragraphs Programme Introduction Programme Introduction Students will be required to select a humanities focus after a year of exploration. It can be undertaken in any Faculty of Arts programme area (e.g. Art History). Students’ growing skills in this specialisation are combined with a focus in interdisciplinary digital technologies, geared to the knowledge and needs of the individual student. These overlapping areas come together in the internship and capstone courses: a focus on experiential and project-based learning in the programme brings together students’ digital technology skills with their chosen humanities discipline to create a truly interdisciplinary programme structure. Big Data: Your Now and Future HKU’s big data-oriented programmes are designed to equip you with the skillsets and knowledge to excel in today’s digitalised world as big data professionals. What You’ll Study During your first two years, you will need to take introductory courses including three exclusively-offered compulsory courses and one statistics or data science course. In senior years, you will need to take some advanced courses, interdisciplinary courses, a compulsory internship course and also the research project course as the capstone. Exciting Opportunities You will have the opportunity to apply your knowledge and skills learnt through compulsory internship. Career Prospects Since digital skills are now becoming a requirement for careers including marketing, communications, consultancy, management and other fields, graduates will be able to pursue a wide variety of satisfying careers, or continue studying at a postgraduate level. If you’re considering this programme, please review our programme-specific application standards and deadlines to give yourself the best possible chance of securing a place. APPLY NOW Explore More For Further Information Faculty of Arts: 3917 8977 arts@hku.hk https://www.ug.arts.hku.hk/ Bachelor of Arts in Humanities and Digital Technologies: 3917 8977 bahdt@hku.hk https://www.hdt.arts.hku.hk/ More Programmes More Programmes Faculty of Arts Bachelor of Arts BA Faculty of Arts, Faculty of Education Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Education in Language Education - English BA&BEd(LangEd)-Eng Faculty of Arts, Faculty of Education Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Education in Language Education - Chinese BA&BEd(LangEd)-Chin Faculty of Arts, Faculty of Law Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws BA&LLB Faculty of Arts, HKU Business School, Faculty of Social Sciences HKU-Sciences Po Dual Degree Programme University Collaborative Programme