CONTACT US Contact Us JUPAS International Qualifications Mainland NJCEE (Gao Kao) Hong Kong Sub-degrees For enquiries on programmes provided by Academy for the Talented , please email talented@hku.hk . * Required Fields First Name Last Name Contact Number Email Name of School Profile S.6 Student S.4-5 Student S.1-3 Student Teacher Parents Others JUPAS application no. Your Questions Disclaimer： The information collected will be used by the University for admission-related, academic and statistical purposes. HKU will treat the personal data provided by the user as strictly confidential and will not disclose any personal information provided by the user to any external body or organization unless the user has been informed or it is required to do so by law. Please note the general points pursuant to the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance as set out in the Personal Information Collection Statement and the General Data Protection Regulation . I have read and understood the above stated terms and conditions. CAPTCHA This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. General Enquiries Applicants and prospective students are welcome to contact the Admissions Office for support in the following channels: For Applicants who have started your application with HKU Please contact us via the application portal under My Inbox. The Admissions Office will not respond to any enquiries regarding ongoing applications through channels other than those submitted via the applicant portal to ensure our applicants’ privacy. For Prospective Students and Applicants who have not yet started your application Live Chat: Every Monday, Wednesday, Friday 10:00am – 12:30pm (HKT); Thursday 2:30pm – 5:00pm (HKT) (except Hong Kong General and University Holidays) CHAT NOW Please note that information and content of chat sessions will be stored on a third-party website. You may review the privacy statement of this chat platform here . You are strongly advised not to provide other personal details on this chat platform. Information collected by The University of Hong Kong will be stored and used to contact you on programme and admissions information. If you do not wish to leave your information on this site, please connect with us in writing. In Writing: Your enquiries will be answered as soon as possible and within 3 business days. Connect with Us Telephone: Every Tuesday 10:00am – 12:30pm HKT (except Hong Kong General and University Holidays) (+852) 3917 5886 HKU Discord Community: Join h ere The HKU Discord Community is co-managed by our staff and student ambassadors, you may ask your questions in one of the channels or send a direct message to "HKU Admissions" or one of the student ambassadors. Note: In order to protect the privacy of our applicants, and to comply with the Privacy Ordinance in Hong Kong, the University will only communicate information regarding any ongoing or submitted application to the University[1] through the HKU Application System for Undergraduate Admissions and an email copied to the registered email addresses. Applicants may simply log onto the application system and submit their questions via the live chat function available in the “Inbox” tab of your application account. We appreciate the concern parents and counsellors may have on the students’ application progress. We do ask that you allow the students to take ownership of their own applications. You may also note that the University has also posted information regarding the application process and requirements on our website. We regret that, however, we will not be able to respond to any enquiries made outside of the application system on matters concerning a specific application. [1] including but not limited to questions on application status, entrance scholarships, admissions deposit, offer conditions, document submission, appeal and offer confirmation, etc. Visit HKU HKU Campus Tour: International and non-JUPAS prospective students, who are looking to apply or have already applied to HKU as full-time undergraduate students are welcome to join our Campus Tour! Our Student Ambassadors will guide you around the HKU campus, showcasing our various facilities and introducing you to the vibrant HKU life. REGISTER NOW Activity | Time (HKT) . Arrival and Registration | 16:00 . Greetings | 16:15-16:20 . Campus Tour | 16:20-17:30 * Campus Tours are typically scheduled on every other Friday. However, some of the dates may not be available. Please check the available sessions on the registration page. If you cannot attend one of the available sessions, you are also welcome to visit the HKU campus as we are open to the public. You may refer to the HKU Campus Map for a self-guided tour. prcua@hku.hk General Enquiries Applicants and prospective students are welcome to contact the Admissions Office for support in the following channels: For Applicants who have started your application with HKU Please contact us via the application portal under My Inbox. The Admissions Office will not respond to any enquiries regarding ongoing applications through channels other than those submitted via the applicant portal to ensure our applicants’ privacy. For Prospective Students and Applicants who have not yet started your application Live Chat: Every Monday, Wednesday, Friday 10:00am – 12:00noon (HKT); Thursday 2:30pm – 5:00pm (HKT) (except Hong Kong General and University Holidays) CHAT NOW Please note that information and content of chat sessions will be stored on a third-party website. You may review the privacy statement of this chat platform here . You are strongly advised not to provide other personal details on this chat platform. Information collected by The University of Hong Kong will be stored and used to contact you on programme and admissions information. If you do not wish to leave your information on this site, please connect with us in writing. In Writing: Your enquiries will be answered as soon as possible and within 3 business days. Connect with Us Telephone: Every Tuesday 10:00am – 12:30pm (HKT) (except Hong Kong General and University Holidays) (+852) 3917 5886 Note: In order to protect the privacy of our applicants, and to comply with the Privacy Ordinance in Hong Kong, the University will only communicate information regarding any ongoing or submitted application to the University[1] through the HKU Application System for Undergraduate Admissions and an email copied to the registered email addresses. Applicants may simply log onto the application system and submit their questions via the live chat function available in the “Inbox” tab of your application account. We appreciate the concern parents and counsellors may have on the students’ application progress. We do ask that you allow the students to take ownership of their own applications. You may also note that the University has also posted information regarding the application process and requirements on our website. We regret that, however, we will not be able to respond to any enquiries made outside of the application system on matters concerning a specific application. [1] including but not limited to questions on application status, entrance scholarships, admissions deposit, offer conditions, document submission, appeal and offer confirmation, etc. Meet Our Team Meet Our Team Local Outreach Team (For JUPAS Students) Mr. Edwin NG Senior Programme Manager | Ms. Margaret NG Programme Manager | Ms. Clara LIU Programme Manager . Ms. Sandy LAM Programme Manager International Outreach Team (For Students with International Qualifications) Ms. Zorian WONG Senior Programme Manager | Mr. Richard LI Programme Manager | Ms. Kennis TAM Programme Manager . Mr. Isaac WONG Programme Manager | Mr. Nate HO Programme Manager . Ms. Giselle HUANG Student Recruitment Counsellor | Mr. Waseq Omar KHAN Student Recruitment Counsellor Mainland Outreach Team (For NJCEE (Gaokao) Students) Ms. Sisy LIU Programme Manager Admissions Office MG14, Ground Floor, Main Building, The University of Hong Kong, Pokfulam, Hong Kong Office Hours Monday to Friday 9:00am – 1:00pm; 2:00pm - 5:30pm You are strongly encouraged to use the virtual communication platforms shown above to contact us regarding admissions-related enquiries. Our office will be closed on Hong Kong General and University Holidays .