JUPAS JUPAS Admissions Scheme JUPAS Admissions Scheme As a prospective student applying on the strength of your results with the Hong Kong Diploma of Secondary Education (HKDSE), here’s everything you need to know to submit your HKU application through the Joint University Programmes Admissions System (JUPAS). Admissions Standards 2026 Admissions Information 2026 JUPAS Score Calculator Important Dates Interview Schedules Fees and Scholarships Special Considerations Admissions Standards Admissions Standards Referencing HKU’s admissions standards to ensure you meet both the entrance and programme-specific requirements. A. University Entrance Requirements View Details Hide Details English Language | Chinese Language | Mathematics | Liberal Studies / Citizenship and Social Development | Elective Subject 1 | Elective Subject 2 . Level 3 | Level 3 | Level 2 | Level 2 / Attained | Level 3 | Level 3 Consideration of Elective Subjects The result of the Mathematics Extended Part (Modules 1 and 2) will be recognised as equivalent to that of a full elective in fulfilling the University Entrance Requirement on the condition that one of the elective subjects must be a Senior Secondary Subject (i.e. Category A Subject). "Attained with Distinction" obtained prior to 2018, or "Attained with Distinction (I)" or "Attained with Distinction (II)" obtained in or after 2018, in Applied Learning subjects (other than Applied Learning Chinese) will be used as additional supporting information. In the meantime, student learning experiences in Applied Learning subjects may be considered within the context of other learning experiences in their application. Other Language subjects will be used as unspecified elective subjects. Conversion of Levels of Scores Category A: Senior Secondary Subjects Level 1 - 4 | Level 5 | Level 5* | Level 5** . 1 - 4 | 5.5 | 7 | 8.5 Category C: Other Language Subjects (Category C Subjects) HKU Converted Score | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5.5 | 7 | 8.5 . Japanese | - | - | - | N3 | - | N2 | N1 . Korean | - | - | - | Level 3 | Level 4 | Level 5 | Level 6 . French / German / Spanish | - | - | - | A2 | B1 | B2 | C2, C1 . Urdu | E | D | C | B | B+ | B++ | A++, A+, A The stipulated language examinations are as listed below, please refer to the HKEAA website for details. Japanese : Japanese-Language Proficiency Test (JLPT) Korean : Test of Proficiency in Korean (TOPIK) French : The Diplôme d'Etudes de Langue Française (DELF) and Diplôme Approfondi de Langue Française (DALF) German : Goethe-Zertifikat for German Spanish : Diplomas de Espanol como Lengua Extranjera (DELE) Urdu: Urdu (International) For Non-Chinese Speaking (NCS) Applicants We welcome eligible NCS applicants (both school or non-school) to submit Alternative Qualifications in Chinese Language (ACL), i.e. GCSE / GCE etc. for consideration to satisfy the general Chinese Language requirement. If NCS applicants submit more than one ACL and / or have HKDSE Chinese Language result, the best result will be considered. Further information on submissions and verification of ACL is available on the JUPAS website. B. Programme Specific Requirements or show full programme list HKU Flexible Arrangement HKU Flexible Arrangement Under the new arrangement, candidates who fail to achieve “Level 3” in either Chinese, English, or the two elective subjects will still have a chance to enter the University, if they achieve good grades in other subjects and attain a score not lower than “Level 2” in the subject they underperformed. However, the applicants’ total HKDSE score (calculated with different programmes’ scoring formula) will be deducted by 10%. Such applicants will have to include the programme concerned as one of their Band A programme choices, pass an interview and fulfil any additional programme entrance requirements. This flexible arrangement applies to all HKU undergraduate programmes. Important Dates Important Dates View Details Hide Details 3 Dec 2025 Deadline for submission of JUPAS application 2 Jan 2026 Deadline for submission of OEA via JUPAS Submission of Other Experiences and Achievements in Competitions/ Activities (OEA) information and uploading of required supporting documents via the JUPAS online application system (as appropriate). 27 May 2026 Deadline for updating of programme choices via JUPAS Applicants may update their programme choices before the release of the HKDSE Examination results. Please observe the programme entrance requirements to make sure you meet all the specified requirements of respective programmes. 15 Jul 2026 Release of 2026 HKDSE results Applicants can modify their programme choices at their own allotted time-slot via the JUPAS account. 5 Aug 2026 Announcement of Main Round offer Please refer to the Summary of Arrangements for Announcement and Acceptance of Offer on JUPAS website. Interview Schedules Interview Schedules HKU will invite selected candidates to attend interviews either before or after the release of HKDSE results. In view of the large number of applicants, preference for interview invitation will be given to candidates who place the programme as their Band A choice. See Interview Schedules Fees and Scholarships Fees and Scholarships Scholarships HKU offers a broad range of scholarships that support local undergraduate students with one-off payments as well as renewable cover for tuition and living expenses throughout your studies. Scholarships are merit-based and recognise top-ranking JUPAS students across different faculties. The highest HKDSE scorers can earn scholarships that cover full tuition fees plus living expenses. Find My Scholarships Financial Assistance Talented students experiencing financial difficulties may apply for additional financial assistance and other related services. Learn More Special Considerations Special Considerations In addition to HKDSE results, outstanding achievements in other areas will also be considered during the application process, including: Top Athletes Direct Admission Scheme Learn More School Nominations Direct Admissions Scheme (SNDAS) for HKDSE students Learn More School Principals’ Nominations Learn More Candidates with other experiences and achievements in competitions / activities (OEA) Learn More HKU Sports Scholarship Scheme Learn More Home Affairs Bureau’s Multi-faceted Excellence Scholarship Scheme Learn More Read More Read More DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-PKU Future Leaders Dual Degree Programme Spend two years at HKU followed by two years at Peking University to obtain a Bachelor of Economics and Finance from HKU and a Bachelor of Management from PKU upon completion of this four-year programme. Explore More DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-Cambridge Undergraduate Recruitment Scheme Spend two years in Hong Kong followed by three years in Cambridge and earn a Bachelor of Engineering from HKU and both a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Engineering from the University of Cambridge upon successful completion of this five-year programme. Explore More DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-PKU Future Leaders Dual Degree Programme Spend two years at HKU followed by two years at Peking University to obtain a Bachelor of Economics and Finance from HKU and a Bachelor of Management from PKU upon completion of this four-year programme. Explore More DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-Cambridge Undergraduate Recruitment Scheme Spend two years in Hong Kong followed by three years in Cambridge and earn a Bachelor of Engineering from HKU and both a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Engineering from the University of Cambridge upon successful completion of this five-year programme. Explore More DUAL DEGREES AND JOINT ADMISSIONS HKU-PKU Future Leaders Dual Degree Programme Spend two years at HKU followed by two years at Peking University to obtain a Bachelor of Economics and Finance from HKU and a Bachelor of Management from PKU upon completion of this four-year programme. Explore More 1 2